share: true
creation_date: 2025-03-09 16:36
location: "Chtapodhi"
fc-date: 1083-06-05
fc-category: Session
icon: calendar
Adeena's Ordeal
After Supper Blues
Kiris reads Ancestral Families of Midkip to probe for clues; he is unsuccessful in his efforts.
Adeena asks for Aulephi's guidance. Aulephi imparts a reply:
"In the near future, you'll need to make a choice... You'll need to fulfill your oath."
Thoradin asks Macchi to reinforce his faith. Thoradin felt no response.
Adikia exits the Ironfleet Compound and wanders the area. She lost 14 gp as she trips from an overgrown root.
Arc tries to track the Dusk Talon assassins. He follows a set of tracks that leads him to a chimneyed-house. He enters and sees a city guard quarreling with his wife about financial issues. Arc leaves 10 Seven Up...
Adikia sees Arc covered in soot. Adikia laughs at him; annoyed, Arc looks at his surroundings, and spots a lizard tail wading underneath Chtapodhi's canal waters.
Splix sets another Alarm spell.
Theobald is tempted to pray to Aisef, but opts to sleep instead.
The party takes a long rest.
Next Morning (6th of Zagi)
The party wakes up, but Noah is still missing.
Djorken knocks on the party's room and gives Adeena a letter.
Adeena receives a letter. Within it is a map, a symbol of Yekora, and a note:
Meet me here, alone.

-C/K
Djorken tells the party that he received the letter from a guard.
Djorken imparts that Mitarella, Remus and Kirren will return back to Ankyra's Old Castle Compound after lunch. He expects the party to attend the lunch.
Adeena discloses that she plans to go alone later. She and the party discusses a plan of action.
Thoradin, Theobald and Kiris helps with the construction of the airship.
Adikia tracks the guard who gave Djorken the letter.
Adikia finds the guard and listens first to his stories. The guard explains that he received a boon last night. He and his wife received 10 sp from an anonymous intruder.
Adikia interrogates the guard about the letter; the guard claims that he received the letter at his desk as he entered his post this early morning.
Lunch and Preparation
Gandour updates everyone regarding the progress of the airship. At their current pace, he expects it to be finished in 5 days.
Adeena talks to Kayvan. Kayvan tells Adeena that he is positive that the handwriting is his father's, Kayriel.
Kayvan pleads Adeena to accompany her. Kiris hears this, and asks Adeena if he could tag along. 
Adikia asks Michaela about Noah's whereabouts. Michaela says that they parted late last night.
Michaela asks if Noah's disappearances is normal. Adikia says yes, and she must not be concerned. Michaela tells Adikia that the party can ask for her help in finding Noah.
Mitarella, Kirren and Remus bid their goodbye and return to Ankyra's Old Castle Compound.
Adeena's Meeting with Kayriel
A secretive meeting
The party prepares for Adeena's excursion. Kayvan, Kiris and Arc will observe the meeting.
Thoradin casts Find Steed for Adeena. Theobald casts Enhance Ability on Adeena.
Adeena travels on land alone. Arc, Kayvan and Kiris go to the designated location using the waterways.
Adeena could not find Kayriel. Hours go by and the party waits.
Adeena finds a marking on the nearby wall. She remembers that it is a Yekora's Spy Code utilized by the Order of Yekora. She follows the trail.
Adeena enters a narrow alley that leads into a dead-end waterway.
Adeena finds a marked rowboat; she rides it and ends up at the edge of the river.
Meanwhile, Kayvan, Kiris, and Arc attempt to follow Adeena, but to no avail. In the end, they go back to the compound to enlist the party's help.
Adeena finds a guard ship marked with Yekora's code, ordering her to follow it. Adeena ties her rowboat to it.
Adeena is led to a toll bridge connecting Aetos and Ankyra. She finds a marking that leads her to an alley flanked by rowhouses and a waterway canal.
Adeena meets Kayriel. Kayriel persuades Adeena to trust him. Adeena detects that she is outnumbered; it is futile to resist Kayriel.
Kayriel hands Adeena a black leather bag to cover her head. He reasons that he needs to keep his hideout unknown. Two assassins hold and guide Adeena to his hideout.
Upon arriving at the underground hideout, Kayriel asks Adeena to doff her armor and entrust him her possessions. Adeena implores to keep Aulephi's amulet; Kayriel obliges.
Kayriel leads Adeena to an adjacent room fitted with a dining table.
On Kayriel's loyalty
Kayriel asks Adeena what she knows about him; Adeena replies with what she knows: that Kayriel is a spy for Kippian who is working for Frederick. Adeena also implicates him as having ties with The Cult of Miledu.
Kayriel explains that he is still loyal to Kippian. However, he needs to complete his mission as a spy. This, he hopes, should explain for his actions.
According to Kayriel, Frederick assigned him to take Adeena back to Sumber. Kayriel, upon hearing Adeena's story, is not inclined to follow the order.
Adeena asks if it is safe to tell all this with the Dusk Talon assassins hearing them. Kayriel replies that the Dusk Talons' loyalty lies with him, and not the Order of Yekora.
Kayriel's plan
Kayriel shares his plan: in order to preserve his cover as a Kippian spy and earn Adeena's trust, Adeena must kill Kayriel the next time they meet.
Adeena is initially hesitant, but Kayriel convinces her to trust the plan. To ensure that it is him, Kayriel shows Adeena a locket with a picture of him, his wife, and Kayvan. He reveals that this is the thing he stole from his son's quarters in Ankyra's Old Castle Compound.
Knowledge about The Cult of Miledu
Regarding The Cult of Miledu, Kayriel is as clueless as the party. He mentions that he has knowledge of the Theater Incident since a follower from the Order of Yekora told it to him.
On Kayriel's clones
Kayriel's clones are the result of a magic cast by a Sumber mage on him. He does not know how many clones are left, though he thinks that there are about five. Adeena shares that they have killed two of them.
On the mysterious Acquermann
Two years ago, Kayriel broke contact with Kippian to validate rumors of an individual using the Acquermann's name. He thought that it would lead him to his missing brothers, Korvin or Kristofer. The thread prompted him to go back to Kippian to search for clues. Kayriel managed to do it as Frederick's right-hand man.
Kayriel gained information that the mysterious Acquermann has an Eladrin companion.
He lost the thread as he traversed the Ephelus and Kippian's borders. He sailed back to Sumber, but upon arriving he is ordered by Frederick to search and take Adeena.
Adeena's return
Adeena recovers her possessions and exits the hideout the same way she entered it: with a bag on her head and with Dusk Talon assassins guiding her.
Adeena meets the party as they were about to find her.