share: true
creation_date: 2025-03-16 16:47
location: 
fc-date: 1083-06-06
fc-category: Session
icon: calendar
On Different Matters
Noah explaining her absence...
Noah explained to the party that she was exploring Midkip on her own to find some solace and to survey for weapons and armor.
On her visit to Drakon, she saw people gathering in groups; Noah remembered the Drakon problem she and Splix once encountered: the Malandar Rebellion.
Morning (7th of Zagi)
Theobald, Noah and Kiris help in the construction.
Thoradin, Adeena and Splix go to a dedicated place of worship within Ironfleet Compound and pray to their respective patron deity.
Adikia meets Djorken discussing political matters with a group of disgruntled rural folk from Drakon. They are clamoring for stability during these uncertain times. 
Djorken asks Adikia to help him calm the people. Adikia performs and successfully calms the people. Djorken explains the situation and promises to ask for help in resolving the political matter.
Arc scouts the surroundings for Dusk Talon assassins, but sees none. He observes more Chtapodhi's residents walking freely near the Ironfleet Compound.
Arc steals 10 gp and a propaganda poster from a tattered rucksack. The following text is written on the poster:
Death to the Veegars,
 
Death to the dragonborn,

Rebels for Malandar,

Malandar for Drakon!
Lunch meeting
Gandour explains that the construction of the airship is progressing. However, he explains that it needs a magical barrier to withstand attacks.
Adeena speaks to Kayvan that she met his father. Adeena did not share much, only that his father has asked about him.
Djorken asks for the party's help. He asks the party to quell the Malandar Rebellion.
Adikia, Adeena and Splix plan to go to the Ankyra's Old Castle Compound and search for ways to create a magical barrier.
Kiris, Thoradin, Theobald, Arc and Noah go to Drakon district to gauge the situation. Thoradin convinces Djorken to accompany them, saying that he'll protect him from possible harm.
Into Drakon
The Drakon party surveys the residents of the district about political matters. The informed residents are split; half supports the industrialization proposed by the Malandar Rebellion, while the other half deems that the district's agricultural tradition must be upheld.
Noah asks Djorken about his stance. Djorken tells them that he needs a formal nomination from both the Drakon's leaders and the High Council before he assumes the district representative position held by his late adoptive father, Gokare Veegar.
The Drakon party travels to an Drakon Amphitheater where there is a political rally being held. The rally is for Raveena Malandar.
The rally calls on the supporters of the Malandar Rebellion to harass the dragonborn residents of Drakon District.
Theobald writes a note with Raveena's speech on it added with an incriminating note saying that Raveena is a member of The Cult of Miledu.
Arc and Kiris disguise as guards and successfully infiltrate the cadre of veteran guards escorting Raveena Malandar.
Raveena Malandar exits the stage. Arc and Kiris follow her. They follow her into a deserted grass park with large-trunked trees. Raveena hides behind one, and the two follow her.
They hear her talking to another cloaked individual. After a long silence on her part, the other individual talks. She tells Raveena that she needs her help in the dispute within their faction.
Arc and Kiris determine that the cloaked individual is Janna Furwish.
After the conversation, Janna leaves, prompting Arc and Kiris to action.  The two manage to knock out and capture Raveena.
Kiris assumes Raveena Malandar's identity. He goes back to the Drakon Amphitheater as Raveena and without speaking, announces her leave to the guards. Kiris then messages the Drakon party to meet him and Arc at a specific place within Drakon.
The Drakon party saw Arc and Kiris carrying Raveena who is bound and unconscious. Djorken is startled, but Kiris manages to convince him that this is the best course to take. Djorken reluctantly agrees, and shares his knowledge of a less-traveled route back to the Ironfleet Compound that would attract the least attention.
The Drakon party carries Raveena Malandar back to the Ironfleet Compound.
Field (barrier) research
The Ankyra party travels to the Ankyra's Old Castle Compound to gather information. They meet Kirren and she directs them to the library.
Adikia scans the library for any reference of Eladrins and Feypeak, but to no avail.
Adeena searches for a book that could help Gandour implement the magical barrier spell for the airship. She finds an abjuration reference book, but the librarian would not let her borrow the book unless she trades a personal effect. Adeena refuses to trade her amulet.
Adikia trades the bow of her violin for the reference book.
Splix asks Professor Aufel for some guidance on field barrier spells. Professor Aufel tells Splix that Professor Embersense might have knowledge on the matter.
According to Professor Aufel, Professor Embersense is transcribing and translating spells from ancient times, particularly spells from Primordial Ages and Eon of Akenatun's Descent.
Professor Aufel also tells Splix that Professor Embersense took Fiamil as his disciple.
Professor Aufel asks Splix about their deal for him to examine the Ymerald Staff in exchange for a spell. Splix obliges.
After his examination of the Ymerald Staff, Professor Aufel discerns that the driftwood handle and manner of the staff is substandard and less than ideal. More importantly, he gleaned that the affixed emerald gemstone cannot be created using natural nor known magical processes: therefore, it must have an extraterrestrial origin.
The Ankyra party travels back to the Ironfleet Compound. There, they meet the Drakon party accompanying the captured Raveena Malandar.