share: true
aliases:
  Theobald
  Theo
gender: male
race: human
age: old
alignment: 
background: cleric
location: "Effil"
status: 
faction: "[Seven Up...]]"
icon: player
Bio
[!infobox]
Theobald Clayhollow
cover hsmall
Bio
|  | |
| ---- | ---- |
| Aliases | Theobald,Theo|
| Race| human |
| Gender| male|
| Age | old|
| Alignment|| 
| Background| cleric|
| Location|  [Effil|
| Faction| Seven Up...| 
Known for: A devout cleric of Aisef
Description
Class: Cleric
Subclass: Life Domain
Backstory
Theobald hailed from Yelkor, a town on the outskirts of Curkip. His beloved parents, Theo and Rhela Clayhollow, owned a family business selling mostly pots, bowls, and cups. Their clay business gave Theobald and his older brother, Theodore Clayhollow, a fairly decent living. In his younger years, Theobald used to work with his father and brother as traveling merchants. Theodore was always in charge of helming the caravan, while Theobald preached their wares to the people.

Theobald is an optimistic, delightful, wholesome, elderly human cleric that resides in Effil. All his life, he is an acolyte to Aiseff, the Goddess of Healing. He used to preach the words of Aisef from the Temple of Aisef in Effil for a long time; that is, until he decided to volunteer in the Effil Orphanage as a Lifetender. A preacher first, and a healer second, Theobald uses his divine gifts to heal the sick orphans in his care. “To acquire a body that is healthy, and a soul that is pure '', that is what he tells the children. When he is not healing, he likes to share stories to the kids. He always tells the stories of Aisef and her way of life to the kids before bedtime.  As time went by, his stories became repetitive. One time, a little girl in her pajamas, bored and fed up with the never-ending stories of Aisef goes to him and asks: 
“Grandpa Theo, do you have any other stories other than the Everhealing Goddess? Maybe something that you did yourself?”

The family business made significant profits selling claywares to the surrounding towns; this obligated the two brothers to travel around Kippian more, sometimes without their father. One day, as the two were traveling through a forest south of Yorvengarde Mountains, they encountered a pack of hungry dire wolves along the path, eyeing the horse Theodore Clayhollow was riding. Before they could react, the wolves started to pounce. The horse fell and so did Theodore. The caravan was shaken and Theobald was incapable of doing anything. The wolves did not see Theodore as food, but rather as a threat, so the half ganged on him while the other half tore the poor horse. They ripped Theodore’s right leg and arm, carrying the latter as some sort of a trophy.

Theobald, who stayed inside the caravan the whole time, was not a pious man before. But given the situation, he closed his eyes and prayed, out of desperation, to the unknown. He intended for his brother to be relieved from the pain so he prayed to those who could hear his plea. 

A female voice echoed through the air:

!quote|mark(../Deities/New%20Gods/Aisef.md)
“Theobald, son of Theo, worry not, for I hear you.”

After hearing the faint echoes of that eerily familiar voice, he realized that he was clutching a pendant with a curious symbol. He held it firmly and it began to glow faintly. A divine energy emanating from the necklace seemed to traverse to his hand. Theobald raised his hand, and a bright light burst from it, scaring the wolves away. He then placed his hand on Theodore’s wounds, and they sealed almost instantly.

Theobald carried Theodore and headed back to Yelkor. Theo and Rhela Clayhollow immediately tended to Theodore, who was unconscious half the time. Tired from the journey, Theobald slept on his bed. As Theobald was deep in his sleep, a vision from the goddess Aisef occurred to him. In that instant, he awoke. He packed up his things and prepared himself for his journey. His parents, still half asleep, noticed him gathering his things. 

!quote|mark(Theobald%20Clayhollow.md)
“Father, I finally know my purpose. I am going to Effil to preach Aisef. Aisef needs me. Mother, please take care of my brother, and tell him that Aisef relieved him from his pain, not me. I may be gone for a long time, but I will try to visit when I get the chance. Thank you for everything.” 

He headed to Effil and served Aisef for the rest of his life. For the next 40 years, he preached the words of Aisef, performed her sacred rites, healed the sick and injured, and made offerings. That was until an orphanage was built not far from the Temple of Aisef. He took this opportunity to gain more worshippers by preaching words of Aisef to the little kids at the orphanage.

As his responsibilities in the orphanage increased, Theobald eventually decided to reside there permanently. Those who were wounded or sick go to the orphanage from time to time to request divine healing from Theobald, and he happily obliged. The kids witnessed all these divine miracles, which brought them closer to Theobald and to his goddess.

Theobald was happy with his life at the orphanage. He was content with what he had.

The little girl, still not sleepy, was eagerly waiting for his Grandpa Theo to tell another story. Theobald, while thinking of other stories he can share with her, said:
*“Have I already told you how I met the Everhealing Godde--?”
“Yes! All the time!” The little girl interjected. “Grandpa Theo, do you have other awesome adventures that you did yourself?”
Theobald, who was a devotee of Aisef for most of his life replied: 
“I haven’t been on an adventure before. But tell you what, if you brush your teeth now and go to bed early, I promise to tell you the most epic story of your life. I’m not sure when, but you will be the first one to hear!”

A little later, Theobald left for Curkip, searching for an adventure. What ordeals he will confront, he does not know: all he knows is that his goddess Aisef will always be with him.
Relationships
Family
Parents: Theo and Rhela Clayhollow 
Brother: Theodore Clayhollow
Story log
Most Recent
Session 49: Adeena, Adikia and Theobald arrives at the Ankyra's Old Castle Compound. Theobald helps the civilians. Adeena approaches Remus and Splix, and Adikia walks to Mitarella.
Session 50: Theobald saves 8 Yvernus civilians using his Lesser Restoration spell.
Session 50: Theobald, Adeena and Adikia plan to return back to Ironfleet Compound. As they pass by the library, they see Splix researching.
Session 50: Theobald, Adeena and Adikia return to the Ironfleet Compound on their steeds.
Session 51: Noah and Theobald sees three stone pillars, each displaying a plaque containing a carved inscription. Noah successfully translates the inscriptions by consulting her translation book for primordial language.
Session 51: Theobald solves the last riddle. A hole appears on the floor and the [Seven Up...|party]] is sucked into it. [Dorfir remains on the floor.
Session 51: Theobald offers Matunda's Mace in exchange for the party's freedom, including Splix and Fiamil. The sphinx accepts the offer, but only frees him, Splix and Fiamil.
Session 51: Arc recovers Theobald's Matunda's Mace, along with a tiara and a hefty amount of gold.
Session 51: Theobald casts revivify on both Dorfir Embersense and Fiamil Underwood. Arc uses the diamond from the tiara for one cast.
Session 52: The [Seven Up...|party]] uses torches, rations, and arrows to create a bonfire. The [[Seven Up...|party]] uses a stabling mechanism from [Thoradin's Shield, ropes, and Theobald's Immovable Rod to raise it from the rising seawater.

All Entries
Session 13: Theobald found a book about detailing the jungle continent of Suirsya:
Session 31: Theobald casts Zone of Truth. Mitarella, Remus Kyp, and 4 royal guards.
Session 33: The party interrogates Rickard; Theobald casts Zone of Truth. Michaela and Mitarella succeed the check. Kirren, Remus, and Rickard fails.
Session 34: Adikia, Adeena, Theobald, Arc and Thoradin enters the Arcanus Labyrinthus.
Session 36: The [Seven Up...|party]] is joined by [Theobald.
Session 38: In a vision,Theobald'sMatunda's Mace glows,
You see Astar, Theobald's lost eagle, traveling to the moon, an ominous sign that your beloved pet is now resting in the afterlife.
Session 40: Theobald finds some notes detailing the construction of the Guardians of Ice and Fire by Zerrus Zagi and Spekid Frostborn.
Within the Guardians of Ice and Fire are the keys to disabling the barrier that separates the Hall of Akenatun from the labyrinthus.
Session 41: Theobald, Thoradin and Arc receives gold for their exploration.
Session 41: The Shadow Knight bestows Theobald a Shadow Sigil resembling that of Kiris' sigil. The Knights of the Wayraven are revealed to inhabit the Plane of Shadows.
Kiris shows the Shadow Knight his sigil.
"That sigil belongs to the Wayravens, masters from the Material Realm who holds dominion over the Plane of Shadows."
Session 41: Theobald gives the Shadow Sigil to Kiris.
Session 41: Theobald asks the casters about the wielder of Matunda's Mace.
"Yugad, the first Amalgam Cleric, weaves death and life into a single, inseparable thesis: there is no life without death."
Session 42: The [Seven Up...|party]] incurs temporal displacement sickness. [Theobald, Arc and Adeena are more affected by the sickness.
Session 42: During the traditional intermission, Mitarella talks to Adikia, Theobald, and Kiris.
Session 42: Theobald prays to Aisef.
Session 42: Thoradin bursts into action and rides a steed. The [Seven Up...|party]] rides a closed carriage pulled by two horses. [Theobald drives the carriage.
Session 44: Theobald helps the guards and workers.
Session 45: Theobald is tempted to pray to Aisef, but opts to sleep instead.
Session 45: Thoradin, Theobald and Kiris helps with the construction of the airship.
Session 45: Thoradin casts Find Steed for Adeena. Theobald casts Enhance Ability on Adeena.
Session 46: Theobald, Noah and Kiris help in the construction.
Session 46: Kiris, Thoradin, Theobald, Arc and Noah go to Drakon district to gauge the situation. Thoradin convinces Djorken to accompany them, saying that he'll protect him from possible harm.
Session 46: Theobald writes a note with Raveena's speech on it added with an incriminating note saying that Raveena is a member of The Cult of Miledu.
Session 47: The [Seven Up...|party]] travels to [Ankyra. During their travel, Theobald and Thoradin have a sincere talk regarding faith.
Session 47: Theobald notices Michaela and Noah having a deep talk.
Session 47: During their travel, Thoradin and Theobald continue their conversation about faith. Theobald hears a divine whisper emanating from Matunda's Mace.
Session 47: Theobald enters the chapel and directs his plea to Aisef. He hears the divine whisper clearer:
"The Old God will set you free. I will set you free. Trust in me. I will lead you to the truth."
Session 47: Theobald is thrusted into a vision of the past where Aisef is kneeling in front of a shrine set on an open field. Aisef appears to be kneeling; Theobald observes Aisef in deep conflict about his faith. A woman figure appears to Aisef. Her response mirrors the whisper Theobald heard in the chapel.
"The truth will set you free. I will set you free."
Session 47: Then, the woman figure opens her hand, and Theobald sees the symbol of Matunda inscribed on her palm. The figure then faces Theobald and imparts a premonition:
"You are destined for greater things."
Session 48: The [Seven Up...|party]] lost material things, including [Theobald's adventure diary and Adikia's violin. Moreover, they fail to retrieve blacksand. Adeena fortunately did not lose her stuff due to being submerged underwater during the explosion.
Session 48: Adikia finds Nokia but it is turned into cracked stone statue. Theobald casts Stone Shape to mend the cracks.
Session 48: Adikia, Theobald, Adeena and Arc arrives at the Ironfleet Compound. They meet Kirren and Gandour who are talking in the courtyard. Adikia, frustrated about Nokia, walks away from the conversation.
Session 49: Theobald recalls that a Greater Restoration spell can heal petrification. Adikia decides to go to Foenyx first day in the morning.
Session 49: Adikia wakes up before dawn. She wakes the [Seven Up...|party]], but only [Adeena, Theobald and Arc decide to accompany her.
Session 49: Adikia, Adeena, Theobald, and Arc go to Foenyx. With Theobald guiding them, they arrive at the chapel at Roan Street. However, the chapel is closed still. Arc, Adeena and Theobald separately check the district as Adikia stays on a bench by the chapel doors.
Session 49: Theobald visits the Chapel of Aisef in Foenyx. He waits on a priest to consult.
Session 49: Father Ignatius, a young and clean-shaven priest, converses with Theobald. Father Ignatius addresses Theobald as his superior.
Session 49: Theobald asks for some help with Nokia, but Father Ignatius cannot cast the Greater Restoration spell.
Session 49: Father Ignatius asks Theobald about the Matunda's Mace. Theobald shares that Stella Kari entrusted it to him before she dies. Theobald remarks that he is unsure of the path he is taking. He shares his vision of Aisef to Father Ignatius.
Session 49: Father Ignatius cannot lessen Theobald's worries, but he coaxes Theobald to hold on to their faith.
Session 49: An elvish priest recognizes Arc and Theobald. The priest calls himself Father Drenn.
Session 49: Adeena, Arc, Adikia and Theobald return to Ironfleet Compound. Theobald, Adikia and Adeena decide to go to check on the dragon appearing in Ankyra's Old Castle Compound.
Session 49: Adeena, Adikia and Theobald arrives at the Ankyra's Old Castle Compound. Theobald helps the civilians. Adeena approaches Remus and Splix, and Adikia walks to Mitarella.
Session 50: Theobald saves 8 Yvernus civilians using his Lesser Restoration spell.
Session 50: Theobald, Adeena and Adikia plan to return back to Ironfleet Compound. As they pass by the library, they see Splix researching.
Session 50: Theobald, Adeena and Adikia return to the Ironfleet Compound on their steeds.
Session 51: Noah and Theobald sees three stone pillars, each displaying a plaque containing a carved inscription. Noah successfully translates the inscriptions by consulting her translation book for primordial language.
Session 51: Theobald solves the last riddle. A hole appears on the floor and the [Seven Up...|party]] is sucked into it. [Dorfir remains on the floor.
Session 51: Theobald offers Matunda's Mace in exchange for the party's freedom, including Splix and Fiamil. The sphinx accepts the offer, but only frees him, Splix and Fiamil.
Session 51: Arc recovers Theobald's Matunda's Mace, along with a tiara and a hefty amount of gold.
Session 51: Theobald casts revivify on both Dorfir Embersense and Fiamil Underwood. Arc uses the diamond from the tiara for one cast.
Session 52: The [Seven Up...|party]] uses torches, rations, and arrows to create a bonfire. The [[Seven Up...|party]] uses a stabling mechanism from [Thoradin's Shield, ropes, and Theobald's Immovable Rod to raise it from the rising seawater.
