share: true
aliases:
  Michaela
gender: female
race: human
age: young adult
alignment: 
background: 
location: "[Duospathia District]]"
faction: 
status: ally
lore_type: character
icon: character
Bio
[!infobox]
Michaela Randall
cover hsmall
Bio
| Type | Stat |
| ---- | ---- |
| Aliases | Michaela|
| Race| human |
| Gender| female|
| Age | young adult|
| Alignment|| 
| Background| |
| Location|  [Duospathia District|
| Faction| | 
Description
Michaela is a experienced warrior. She is devoted to her mother, Mitarella Randall.
Relationships
Mitarella's daughter
Kirren and Leneia's friend
Story log
Most Recent
Session 42: The party plans a meeting with the group within the Ironfleet Compound. The party invites Mitarella, Michaela, Kirren, Kayvan and Remus.
Session 44: Nokia alerts Mitarella, Michaela, Kayvan, Remus and Kirren.
Session 45: Adikia asks Michaela about Noah's whereabouts. Michaela says that they parted late last night.
Session 45: Michaela asks if Noah's disappearances is normal. Adikia says yes, and she must not be concerned. Michaela tells Adikia that the party can ask for her help in finding Noah.
Session 47: Adeena and Adikia talks to Mitarella regarding Raveena; the regent breathes a sigh of relief. Mitarella assigns Michaela to lead them to the dungeon.
Session 47: Theobald notices Michaela and Noah having a deep talk.
Session 47: The party talks to the guards and Michaela about their worries. Michaela assures them that keeping them in one location saves resources and time, which the party badly needs.
Session 49: Michaela appears, and she votes not to exchange prisoners. Mitarella is leaning to agree on the man's proposal. Remus remains undecided.
Session 53: The retinue from Ankyra arrives. The carriage contains Kirren, Mitarella, Michaela and Remus.
Session 53: Noah asks Michaela to assist her in checking Drakon later. Michaela refuses, reasoning that she is currently tied to her duty.

All Entries
Session 13: The party talks to Michaela, the district mayor. She allows the party to enter the library under the condition of being escorted by some guards.
Session 31: Adeena and Noah notices Kirren sleeping. Michaela is gone.
Session 33: Michaela Randall wakes Noah from her sleep.
Session 33: Michaela and Noah goes to the dungeons.
Session 33: Malvin attempts to kill Michaela with a dagger.
Session 33: Noah spots a shadowy figure by the stairs. Michaela does not see it.
Session 33: Kirren finds Noah and Michaela and tells them about the Death of King Riordan.
Session 33: Noah, Kirren, and Michaela finds Kiris, who caught Rickard, falling from the air.
Session 33: The party interrogates Rickard; Theobald casts Zone of Truth. Michaela and Mitarella succeed the check. Kirren, Remus, and Rickard fails.
Session 35: Noah and Michaela investigate the library.
Session 42: Noah overhears Kirren and Michaela talking. Kirren asks if Michaela if she knew about Leneia. Michaela denies it, and consoles Kirren.
Session 42: Noah overhears that Professor Aufel and Michaela talking. The professor's there to conduct research within the Ankyra's Old Castle Compound's library that could help with the Yvernus situation.
Session 42: The party plans a meeting with the group within the Ironfleet Compound. The party invites Mitarella, Michaela, Kirren, Kayvan and Remus.
Session 44: Nokia alerts Mitarella, Michaela, Kayvan, Remus and Kirren.
Session 45: Adikia asks Michaela about Noah's whereabouts. Michaela says that they parted late last night.
Session 45: Michaela asks if Noah's disappearances is normal. Adikia says yes, and she must not be concerned. Michaela tells Adikia that the party can ask for her help in finding Noah.
Session 47: Adeena and Adikia talks to Mitarella regarding Raveena; the regent breathes a sigh of relief. Mitarella assigns Michaela to lead them to the dungeon.
Session 47: Theobald notices Michaela and Noah having a deep talk.
Session 47: The party talks to the guards and Michaela about their worries. Michaela assures them that keeping them in one location saves resources and time, which the party badly needs.
Session 49: Michaela appears, and she votes not to exchange prisoners. Mitarella is leaning to agree on the man's proposal. Remus remains undecided.
Session 53: The retinue from Ankyra arrives. The carriage contains Kirren, Mitarella, Michaela and Remus.
Session 53: Noah asks Michaela to assist her in checking Drakon later. Michaela refuses, reasoning that she is currently tied to her duty.
