share: true
aliases:
  Noah
gender: female
race: human
age: middle-aged
alignment: 
background: fighter
location: "Ankor"
status: 
faction: "[Seven Up...]]"
icon: player
Bio
[!infobox]
Noah Skie
cover hsmall
Bio
|  | |
| ---- | ---- |
| Aliases | Noah|
| Race| human |
| Gender| female|
| Age | middle-aged|
| Alignment|| 
| Background| fighter|
| Location|  [Ankor|
| Faction| Seven Up...| 
Known for: being the sole survivor of an expedition
Description
Class: Fighter
Subclass: Arcane Archer
Backstory
Noah Skie is a cheerful yet fearless woman residing in a town near Curkip. She was part of the Kippian Military who traveled to Suirsya. There, she was promoted to a scout because of her ability to adapt to different situations. She doesn't back down from any missions her officer gave her. She does everything with precision and proficiency.

Noah was born into a rich family in Ankor. The Skies own a part of the river in which they provide leases for fishermen to rent. Norman Skie, her father, also collects taxes from them, but he tweaks the prices a little bit higher for his personal gain. Norman is so focused on his business that Noah barely sees him at home; and for good reason, as he does not see Noah worthy of being his child. He had hoped for a son to carry their family name, but instead, she got a daughter in Noah. And for Norman Skie, a woman is lesser than a man.

On the bright side, her mother, Sophia Skie, is but a simple housewife who takes care of the house and the food they eat. She became Noah’s refuge while growing up, especially when Norman scoffs and mocks her. Because of her, Noah knows how great it is to be loved and cared for by a mother.

Time passed by and Noah grew, and more so did her enmity she had for her father. On her 18th name day, as the family was eating dinner, her mother asked Noah what to do for the next part of her life.

“They are looking for barmaids in Curkip,” Norman sarcastically said with a taunting grin. 

Noah, who had enough of his belittling ever since she was a child, answered back: “And what does that have to do with me?”

She stood up teary-eyed and looked directly into her father’s eyes. 

“Why do you think so lowly of me, father? Ever since I was a little girl, you have always belittled me. You have implied that I’m useless, just because I was a girl. You said that if I was a boy, things would be a lot better. You even gave me a boy’s name!”  She dropped her cutlery to the table as if she was not interested in celebrating her name day anymore. She bolted to her room and returned with a sack full of clothes and some of her personal items. She wiped her tears and stood firmly.

“You wanted a soldier. That’s what you always wanted, right? Fine. I am going to Curkip and train with the Kippian Military. I’ll prove to you what I'm worth.”

Noah went to Curkip to train with the group of soldiers and fighters leaving for Suirsya. She quickly adapted to training and excelled at everything, specifically with bows. It was an innate skill of hers that she never knew before. She was so precise with the weapon that the officers had no choice but to shortlist her into being a candidate for the scouting unit, where having a ranged fighter is advantageous. Noah was determined to be one of them, and had a bit of an edge as she was the best with the bow from the new recruits. 

During this training, she met Agatha. Noah and Agatha complemented each other. They are both cheerful and optimistic, but brave and strong. Agatha was proficient with swords while Noah was best in ranged weapons. They shared stories from their backgrounds: Noah was from a rich house while Agatha used to live on the street. Both wanted to prove that they are worth something. Soon they became the best of friends. They promised that, if they were accepted in the same unit, they would protect each other.

There were only five soldiers selected among all the recruits for the scout promotion. Noah and Agatha were the top two selected from the newest class.

Time went by and the two completed many missions, albeit mostly easy ones. Then, after proving that they can be entrusted with harder missions, Noah and Agatha were sent to the elite scouting party of the Kippian Military in Suirsya. The party’s mission is to find a route south through the seemingly unsurvivable jungles and mountains of Western Suirsya. Noah and Agatha, with three scout veterans, were now traveling through uncharted territory. They were expected to be gone a month and a half at most.

After two weeks, the military lost communication with the party, which was expected. However, two months went by and there were no signs that the party was returning. Then after the third month since the party’s departure, the officers at base camp lost hope and presumed the party died on the mission. Then, one hot summer day, a dazed Noah wandered into the camp.

Noah felt lost and alone. Noah claimed that the majority of the party was slaughtered mercilessly by a jungle tribe and that Agatha fell into a deep ravine. Noah could not remember specific details, but she blamed herself for the whole incident. She told her officers that she was the reason why Agatha did not make it home, along with the rest of the party. The bloodshed she witnessed made her fragile, and the death of her friend weighed heavily on her. She resigned and boarded a ship straight to Curkip.

She thought that she would only use her strength for peace: it would be her way from now on. If peace is an option, she would always go that way.

Noah was thinking of going home, but she thought that she had no face to show to her father. Going back home will just prove to her father that he was right: Noah was useless all along. She went to the tavern to think how to go about things. And then she met a bunch of individuals that she felt were bound to her fate.
Relationships
Family
Parents: Norman and Sophia Skie
Friends
Agatha
Story log
Most Recent
Session 48: Upon resurfacing, the [Seven Up...|party]] sees traces of blacksand on both [Adikia and Noah. Adeena gives her trinket to Noah and asks her to investigate.
Session 48: Noah is pulled below the water. Adikia attempts to save Noah, but to no avail. Adikia asks for the [Seven Up...|party]]'s help using telepathy.
[Session 48: The [Seven Up...|party]] decides to walk back to the [Ironfleet Compound. Thoradin casts Find Steed, and he and Noah rushes back.
Session 48: Thoradin and Noah meets Kiris in the courtyard and explains to them what happened. Afterwards, Thoradin talks to Nos and admits that they failed in retrieving the blacksand.
Session 48: Adeena, Noah, and Adikia help the airship workers. Adeena notices that the airship's cannon deck desperately lacks gloompowder.
Session 49: Back in Ironfleet Compound, Noah, Kiris and Thoradin wake up and find the other members of their [Seven Up...|party]] gone.
[Session 49: Noah, Kiris and Thoradin see movement on the floating Yvernus. They see a dragon fly out of it, and descend down into Ankyra.
Session 49: Kirren decides to check on the situation. Thoradin, Noah and Kiris decide to stay to defend the airship.
Session 51: Noah and Theobald sees three stone pillars, each displaying a plaque containing a carved inscription. Noah successfully translates the inscriptions by consulting her translation book for primordial language.
Session 52: Adikia casts Polymorph on a thrilled Dorfir Embersense. She turns him into a T-rex. Kiris, Fiamil and Splix ride on the polymorphed professor. Adeena and Thoradin cast Find Steed. Arc and Noah walks.

All Entries
Session 13: Noah found a book detailing the history of [Ankor|Ankor]]. She read that [Curkip was once under the jurisdiction of Bulkip.
Session 16: Noah retrieves the Twilight Dagger.
Session 30: Noah retrieves the Lexicon of Primordial Language ().
Session 31: Adeena and Noah notices Kirren sleeping. Michaela is gone.
Session 31: [Seven Up...|Party]] wakes up. [Arc, Noah and Kirren is not in the quarters.
Session 33: Michaela Randall wakes Noah from her sleep.
Session 33: Michaela and Noah goes to the dungeons.
Session 33: Malvin Randall wants to talk to Noah.
Session 33: Malvin is revealed to be Noah's recruit.
Session 33: Noah injures Malvin Randall.
Session 33: Noah spots a shadowy figure by the stairs. Michaela does not see it.
Session 33: Noah tries to attack the figure, but the figure disappears.
Session 33: Kirren finds Noah and Michaela and tells them about the Death of King Riordan.
Session 33: Noah, Kirren, and Michaela finds Kiris, who caught Rickard, falling from the air.
Session 35: Noah and Michaela investigate the library.
Session 38: Noah sees an apparition in front of her...
Amlaena trains Noah to use the Evanescent Shortbow.
"As the new keeper of the Evanescent Shortbow, I shall help you on your journey."
Session 38: The ghost then touches Noah, allowing her to change her Arcane Shot ability(Beguiling to Enfeebling).
Session 40: Splix triggers an arcane trap, trapping Noah inside an invisible force barrier.
Session 40: The barrier disappears, but Noah is nowhere to be found.
Session 41: Adikia perceives Noah appearing into existence.
Session 41: Noah has no recollection about what happened to her after being trapped. It could be the effect of her Evanescent Shortbow.
Session 41: Splix, Adeena, Adikia, Noah and Kiris finds an altar for Akenatun.
Session 41: Splix offers 25 gp. Noah offers 2 gp. Kiris offers an Amulet of Undead. Adeena offers her magical earring. Adikia offers a chipped gold from the Aureate Rapier.
Session 41: Noah asks the casters about her ghastly visions.
"Death haunts you, Noah, so much so that your guilt has allowed you to see beyond several planes. Only a few are blessed, or cursed, of such power."
Session 42: The [Seven Up...|party]], except [Noah, drinks a tea fashioned from the ginger where The First Tree grew. It is a traditional drink honoring Antasha, goddess of the land.
Session 42: Noah overhears Kirren and Michaela talking. Kirren asks if Michaela if she knew about Leneia. Michaela denies it, and consoles Kirren.
Session 42: Noah overhears that Professor Aufel and Michaela talking. The professor's there to conduct research within the Ankyra's Old Castle Compound's library that could help with the Yvernus situation.
Session 42: Noah reads her translation book for primordial language. She became privy to the chronological succession of the Primordial Ages.
The chronological list of the Primordial Ages:
Age of the Old Gods
Age of Dragons
Age of Beasts
Age of Orcs
Age of Humans
Session 42: As the Noah steps out of the Ankyra's Old Castle Compound, the [Seven Up...|party]] hears a whistle and the sound of detonation originating from the [Ironfleet Compound.
Session 44: Noah asks Gandour for some arrows. Gandour gives her 2 bundles of ammunition (20 arrows each).
Session 44: Noah sees a vision of Agatha. Noah does not understand what Agatha said.
Session 45: The [Seven Up...|party]] wakes up, but [Noah is still missing.
Session 45: Adikia asks Michaela about Noah's whereabouts. Michaela says that they parted late last night.
Session 45: Michaela asks if Noah's disappearances is normal. Adikia says yes, and she must not be concerned. Michaela tells Adikia that the [Seven Up...|party]] can ask for her help in finding [Noah.
Session 46: Noah explained to the party that she was exploring Midkip on her own to find some solace and to survey for weapons and armor.
Session 46: Theobald, Noah and Kiris help in the construction.
Session 46: Kiris, Thoradin, Theobald, Arc and Noah go to Drakon district to gauge the situation. Thoradin convinces Djorken to accompany them, saying that he'll protect him from possible harm.
Session 46: Noah asks Djorken about his stance. Djorken tells them that he needs a formal nomination from both the Drakon's leaders and the High Council before he assumes the district representative position held by his late adoptive father, Gokare Veegar.
Session 47: Theobald notices Michaela and Noah having a deep talk.
Session 47: Noah spots Arc stealing a purse from a commoner.
Session 47: Noah has a dream; the dream involves her during the dinner scene when Agatha appeared to her. This time, however, Agatha's voice is clearer.
"The answer you seek is in Suirsya..."
Session 48: Adeena, Noah, and Adikia help the airship workers. Adeena notices that the airship's cannon deck desperately lacks gloompowder.
Session 48: After being an hour away from the Midkip, Adikia played a prank on the party by seemingly getting drowned. Noah attempted to rescue Adikia. It appears that the water at that point is just human-neck high.
Session 48: Upon resurfacing, the [Seven Up...|party]] sees traces of blacksand on both [Adikia and Noah. Adeena gives her trinket to Noah and asks her to investigate.
Session 48: Noah is pulled below the water. Adikia attempts to save Noah, but to no avail. Adikia asks for the [Seven Up...|party]]'s help using telepathy.
[Session 48: The [Seven Up...|party]] decides to walk back to the [Ironfleet Compound. Thoradin casts Find Steed, and he and Noah rushes back.
Session 48: Thoradin and Noah meets Kiris in the courtyard and explains to them what happened. Afterwards, Thoradin talks to Nos and admits that they failed in retrieving the blacksand.
Session 49: Back in Ironfleet Compound, Noah, Kiris and Thoradin wake up and find the other members of their [Seven Up...|party]] gone.
[Session 49: Noah, Kiris and Thoradin see movement on the floating Yvernus. They see a dragon fly out of it, and descend down into Ankyra.
Session 49: Kirren decides to check on the situation. Thoradin, Noah and Kiris decide to stay to defend the airship.
Session 51: Noah and Theobald sees three stone pillars, each displaying a plaque containing a carved inscription. Noah successfully translates the inscriptions by consulting her translation book for primordial language.
Session 52: Adikia casts Polymorph on a thrilled Dorfir Embersense. She turns him into a T-rex. Kiris, Fiamil and Splix ride on the polymorphed professor. Adeena and Thoradin cast Find Steed. Arc and Noah walks.
