share: true
aliases:
  Splix
gender: male
race: half-elf
age: young adult
alignment: 
background: wizard
location: "Effil"
status: 
faction: "[Seven Up...]]"
icon: player
Bio
[!infobox]
Spraugh 'Splix' Calix
cover hsmall
Bio
| | |
| ---- | ---- |
| Aliases | Splix|
| Race| half-elf |
| Gender| male|
| Age | young adult|
| Alignment|| 
| Background| wizard|
| Location|  [Effil|
| Faction| Seven Up...| 
Known for: being a subpar wizard... for now
Description
Class: Wizard
Subclass: School of Divination
Backstory
First Letter to Fiamil
!note] First Letter to [Fiamil
Sporcester Alley, Effil
Cappodon, the 16th
Of the year 1078
Dear Fiamil,
Let me tell you my story. But, before we go to that, it’s only fitting to tell you where I came from, right? Well here it goes.
My father used to be a human merchant residing at the outskirts of Midkip. He worked perseveringly, not only there, mind you, but also to numerous places, sometimes even across the Elven Kingdom of Ephelus. My father, along with his kin, served as a humble farmer for a local lord. He once pondered what it would be like seeing different landscapes, crossing mountainous borders, resting at secluded forest groves and the like, and so, he dreamt of becoming a travelling merchant. He had an interest in spellcasting and had observed the elves, mimicking their hand gestures and incantations, but to no avail. He had no teacher and not a bit of magic in his body (Curse Miledu!). It was okay for him, however, since it was not the only passion he had: he also loves farming and, eventually, being a merchant.
After a bit of hard work, and with the help of his siblings, he was able to buy fertile land in the eastern region just outside of Midkip. Near the river waters that meet the Bay of Freezewind, he cultivated the rich land and brought upon a farm that he thought he could make a living from. He was selling basic farm goods such as carrots, onions, and cabbages, then expanding to livestock goods and, before you know it, he became the sought-after farm goods merchant in the area. As his estate expanded, he hired farmers and merchants that he could trust. He then traveled from town to town, even across borders, in order to seek advantageous deals and to set up stalls for his merchants. Still, he lived as if he was still a humble farmer. 
With all the accumulated wealth he had, my father felt it was time for the next step: building a legacy. He served his fellow townspeople and donated money to upstanding institutions. But it was not enough for him. It felt artificial, in a way. It soon became apparent to him that he should start to build a family. Well that is what he tells me.
And then he found my mother (this part is going to be a bit romantic, but please endure).  Once, he found himself in the northeast city of Ephelus, Vaiarshe, dropping goods to his buyer. There were a lot of goods that he had to bring and so he rented a space from a ship to transport his produce. Now I will transcribe from my father’s diary what is possibly the most unromantic lovers’ first meeting:
“After a lengthy span of time of traveling across the sea that made me seasick, my workers took off the supplies from the ship and put those in a big pile alongside the dock. And while my workers were doing their job unloading the goods, there was this Elven woman who noticed my seasickness not so far from the dock. She walked towards me, maybe thinking that I was the captain of the ship. She started having a conversation with me. Then I thought to myself she was just looking to buy farm goods that I might have in stock, but instead she asked inquisitively on what I had seen on my way down there, every bit of detail that I knew and could give to her. I was flustered. After a few talks and chuckles and some questions of my own, I deduced what her job was: she is a researcher. She was investigating the history of the bays and shores of Northern Soliven and was in joy after knowing that the ship I was on took that path. I too was in joy: this pretty wide-eyed elf chose to speak with me instead of my more handsome co-passengers...”
He told me many more anecdotes about what happened then and the days after that. He always felt like talking to the wide-eyed Elven woman. Slowly yet willingly, he immediately thought that that elven beauty was the person he had wanted to raise a family with. She really was a lovely woman, and I attest to that.
My soon-to-be mother loves nature and that absolutely made her fall in love more with my father, who was firstly a farmer. She worked with her colleagues cooperatively; and as same as my father, she has a kind attitude towards others and in fact was well known for that. She was from a middle-class family and had a desire to be in a wealthy space to continue her research, which is perfect for my father who had riches to spare. After that fateful meeting he intentionally visited Vaiarshe regularly not only to sell his goods but also to meet and spend time with her. They eventually married each other and lived down south of the Elven Kingdom, Effil, where they started raising their own family. Why here? Well, they said that they wanted to get away from their familial ties, but mostly I think that they just wanted to start a new life for themselves. My father sold his farm in Midkip to one of his merchants, but it’s not like my father needed more money, right? Then, they had me as their son. Oh, if I had not stated earlier, my father’s name is Steckun Calix, and my mother’s is Adzana Furwish. Yes, they are my parents. I’m pretty lucky, right?
Hail to Savras!
From your ever-friend, 
Splix
P. S. More letters to come. I have an errand to do and the messenger has come to pick up the letter. See ya!
Second Letter to Fiamil
!note] Second Letter to [Fiamil
Sporcester Alley, Effil
Cappodon, the 19th
Of the year 1078
Dearest Fiamil,
I hope you received this letter and the previous letter in quick succession. The last one’s a little bit of a cliffhanger, eh?
Anyway, to continue my story (or rather, Steckun’s story), my father insisted on having a new farm in the riverbanks of Effil so he can continue being a merchant, albeit now for pastime (and to gain a little more wealth). My mother also retained her job. She works far away from home at times to investigate remote places as usual, though most of the time she works in our home, writing incessantly about her travels.
And that’s the current situation of my family right now. But enough about them: now I’ll tell you the reason for entering the university. 
Growing up, we had an elven visitor that was an expert at spellcasting. My father, intrigued and still curious about magic, implored the man to teach him some spells. The visitor, however, had his attention mostly on me. He did not talk to me however. The wizard shortly went away, leaving my father discontented.
A few years later, to our surprise, the mysterious mage showed up. He and my parents had a private talk and, when they emerged, they told me that in a few years, I would enter the Savras University at a town near Effil. I was told to learn divination magic there, the specialty of the university.
I was not prepared to learn magic, but…
Look, this may seem unnatural, but please bear with me. I have been having recurring dreams. In these dreams I had allies whose faces were blurred. However, what was vivid to me was that we were fighting a dragon… with multiple heads. Every dream I cast an offensive spell (a different spell every dream) against the creature but, every time, the dragon survives. The monster then delivered a devastating attack against us. One by one my friends fell, until I was the last surviving member of the party, leaving me to face what was left of the attack. As soon as I am about to be hit, I wake up.
Now I don’t believe that I was going to be a powerful mage, but the dreams made me curious, and, soon enough, I had my father’s inclination towards learning spells. I was mimicking the elves’ movements and speech, hoping that I would get that spark. I am half-elf after all, unlike my father. Well, I felt I had it in me, but I had no teacher at the time. I could not wait to enter the university.
The time finally came and I entered Savras University. That is when reality finally hit. I rediscovered that I was only a half-elf, and, as such, had “lesser” magic than the “pure-blood” elves I studied with. (Savras is an exception. He was a human touched by Akenatun. That, my friend, is a different case altogether.) I would always find myself ranked at the bottom half of the class, except in my divination classes where I had a better grasp of the material, or rather, the immaterial.
For the first 2 years in the university I was barely hanging on to my studies. My colleagues graduated while I can only create measly fire out of thin air. Very basic stuff, I know. I was considering dropping out of the university when I met my mentor, Dorfir Embersense, and soon after, you, dear Fiamil. This was also the moment I became more religious towards Savras. He was the university’s patron, after all. 
Anyway, that’s the story of my life so far. I wouldn’t mind hearing from you soon!
Hail to Savras!
From your ever-friend,
Splix
Letter to Professor Embersense
!note] Letter to [Professor Embersense
Savras University
Mastkil, the 21st
Of the year 1082
Professor Embersense,
We are pleased to report to you that we mastered the following spells required of us by the university to advance.
Control Flames
Light
Thunderwave
Feather Fall
Mage Armor
Witch Bolt
Chromatic Orb
Alarm
We have also mastered reading and writing in Magiscript, according to Professor Aufel. We have also passed our tests in geography, advanced mathematics, basic alchemy, Kippian history, theological history, botany and zoology, mythologies, rune cryptography, and mage conduct. We were also given the Book of Savras by the university as required reading.
We will be entering the final year of our studies soon. We hope to meet you soon, Professor Embersense.
Hail to our patron, Savras! Hail to the mage goddess Amlin!
Signed by: 
Splix and Fiamil
P. S. Our work at the library paid off! Thank you for trusting us, professor. We hope you are fine on your scholarly travels.
Third Letter to Fiamil
!note] Third Letter to [Fiamil
Sporcester Alley, Effil
Bastordyl, the 27th
Of the year 1083
To Fiamil,
I have terrible news: I have no home now. 
I went back to Effil on our break. The ride home was pleasant as the weather was unusually warm due to a clear sky. However, because of that clear weather, I immediately spotted a stack of smoke coming from my father’s estate. I felt my gut ache - it usually is a bad sign. I implored the coachman to hurry and he obeyed. And my worst fear came: it was our family house that was burning.
I jumped out of the carriage and hurried to the door. The mansion that I call home was now engulfed in explosive flames. My instinct overcame my sense of survival and so I went inside to rescue my parents, who I knew were there since they expect me to be returning soon. 
I lunged through the open doorway and right to the living room. The room was partially burning but the smoke had already filled the room. I pried open the windows to get some air and to my horror, saw the mysterious wizard that pushed me into Savras University casting fireball towards the upper balcony. I was about to yell stop but a voice in me told me to sneak up to him so I could blast him with my spells. A petty revenge, but also it felt justifiable. And so I did. I stealthily got behind him and then when I was in range I casted a thunderwave spell. The wizard was blasted through the flaming walls of the house; then the ceiling crumbled and crushed him. I sat down in horror when it dawned on me that I had just killed someone.
But it was not the time to be in shock. I collected myself and tried to reenter the house but… I was not able to as the flames were too powerful that the hot air emanating from the inside of the house was enough to burn my skin. I tried to ask for help but the estate was far from the city center. Even if I could fly I would have been too late. I could not do anything but wait.
I waited for hours until all that was left of the house was charred remains. By then some friends of my parents came to comfort me. Two indistinguishable charred remains, purportedly from my parents, and the body of the wizard was taken out of the ravaged mansion. I looked at them and I identified them as such.
My parents were given proper burial, fitting for nobles. They were blessed with the fire of Akenatun and the ashes were kept in the city’s Matunda urn.
I appraised and sold all the property and valuables my parents had. I only kept personal trinkets. There was nothing left for me in Effil so I left town and headed to the university. There I gathered all my belongings and sold the unnecessary stuff.
Now here I am writing this letter on the desk in our room. I am pondering on what to do with my life now. I was initially thinking of continuing to study but the pain that a knowledgeable wizard killed my family was much to bear. It made me think that the university might be harboring vile individuals such as the mysterious mage. I could not do it.
And so I am left with the choice to leave the university. In truth I am inclined to find my luck in the United Kippian. I am a Calix after all, I belong in that kingdom too. I just hope that it would be as good to me as it had been with my father.
Thank you for being a good friend all these years. I hope to see you someday, as you are the only family I have left.
Hail to Savras.
From your ever-friend, 
Splix
Relationships
Family
Parents: Steckun Calix and Adzana Furwish
Friends
University friend: Fiamil
University professor and mentor: Dorfir Embersense
Story log
Most Recent
Session 50: Theobald, Adeena and Adikia plan to return back to Ironfleet Compound. As they pass by the library, they see Splix researching.
Session 50: Just as the [Seven Up...|party]] is about to ride the [Bloated Dragon, Splix returns bearing a message from Savras University about Professor Embersense's location. Professor Embersense and his apprentice, Fiamil, are currently researching an ancient structure resurfacing from the sea. Splix suggests a destination to Gandour, and the latter accepts.
Session 50: Upon arriving at the destination, Gandour and the [Seven Up...|party]] could not find the ruins. [Splix uses a spyglass to check for ruins; he finds a shallow sandbar that they can land on.
Session 51: Splix casts Comprehend Languages. Other members of the [Seven Up...|party]] explore the [Library.
Session 51: Arc scours the second floor and sees two humanoids, a bearded old elf and a female human, resting on a table. After a brief confrontation, Arc determines that the two are Splix's colleagues: Dorfir Embersense and Fiamil.
Session 51: Splix reads a scroll that retells the major events that happened during the Primordial Ages.
Session 51: During the party's conversation, Splix and Fiamil wander off into the pillars. They suddenly disappear into a hole in the floor.
Session 51: The [Seven Up...|party]] meets a decaying, seemingly undead sphinx. They see the unconscious bodies of [Splix and Fiamil on the ground.
Session 51: Theobald offers Matunda's Mace in exchange for the party's freedom, including Splix and Fiamil. The sphinx accepts the offer, but only frees him, Splix and Fiamil.
Session 52: Adikia casts Polymorph on a thrilled Dorfir Embersense. She turns him into a T-rex. Kiris, Fiamil and Splix ride on the polymorphed professor. Adeena and Thoradin cast Find Steed. Arc and Noah walks.

All Entries
Session 13: Splix
Session 30: Splix has an amulet with a Gem of Acid Resistance.
Session 31: Splix realizes that the [Seven Up...|party]] is not allured by the [Aureate Rapier wielded by Remus Kyp.
Session 32: Arc, Kiris, Thoradin and Splix goes to Kayvan's room.
Session 35: Splix retrieves Ymerald Staff.
Session 37: During a collective vision, Kiris and Splix, aided by their team, is thrusted into a competitive four-versus-four brawl.
Session 38: Splix is still experiencing a protracted vision... Other members of the [Seven Up...|party]] left him to explore the dungeon.
[Session 39: Splix gains the following spells: Burning Hands, Scorching Ray, Fireball, Lightning Bolt, Wall of Fire, Fire Shield, Wall of Sand.
Session 40: Splix triggers an arcane trap, trapping Noah inside an invisible force barrier.
Session 41: Splix, Adeena, Adikia, Noah and Kiris finds an altar for Akenatun.
Session 41: Splix offers 25 gp. Noah offers 2 gp. Kiris offers an Amulet of Undead. Adeena offers her magical earring. Adikia offers a chipped gold from the Aureate Rapier.
Session 41: During the battle, Splix saw a vision that allowed him to expose a nearby teleportation circle.
Session 41: Splix shares that Elvin and other members of cult probably used the teleportation circle to raid the Hall of Akenatun.
Session 41: Zerrus Zagi and Spekid Frostborn imparts their power to Splix and Kiris through the Ymerald Staff and the Frostborn Armor.
"Tough times are ahead, but with our power, we hope that you can prevail."
Session 42: Splix casts Augury with a couple of coins.
Splix's Augury reveals: "Weal, maybe woe."
Session 42: Splix spots Professor Aufel and talk to him. During their reunion, Splix showed his professor his Ymerald Staff.
Session 42: Professor Aufel inspects the staff, and is boggled by it. Splix then shows the Arcanus Labyrinthus. Professor Aufel is understandably confused.
Session 42: Splix visits Professor Aufel and asks the professor to teach him an evocation spell. Professor Aufel asks for a thorough inspection of the Ymerald Staff in exchange.
Session 43: Splix casts Locate Creature, and finds a similar creature near the Ironfleet Compound.
Session 44: Splix casts Alarm spell to check for intruders in a rather unguarded part of the compound.
Session 44: Splix recalls that there is a spell that could modify the memory of a large group of people, but the modification must be extremely subtle.
Session 44: Splix further explains that such powerful enchantment can only be cast by an Eladrin.
Session 45: Splix sets another Alarm spell.
Session 46: On her visit to Drakon, she saw people gathering in groups; Noah remembered the Drakon problem she and Splix once encountered: the Malandar Rebellion.
Session 46: Thoradin, Adeena and Splix go to a dedicated place of worship within Ironfleet Compound and pray to their respective patron deity.
Session 46: Adikia, Adeena and Splix plan to go to the Ankyra's Old Castle Compound and search for ways to create a magical barrier.
Session 46: Splix asks Professor Aufel for some guidance on field barrier spells. Professor Aufel tells Splix that Professor Embersense might have knowledge on the matter.
Session 46: Professor Aufel also tells Splix that Professor Embersense took Fiamil as his disciple.
Session 46: Professor Aufel asks Splix about their deal for him to examine the Ymerald Staff in exchange for a spell. Splix obliges.
Session 47: Splix writes a letter to be sent to Savras University.
Session 47: Splix splits away from the [Seven Up...|party]] to research with [Professor Aufel.
Session 47: The [Seven Up...|party]] decides to head back to the [Ironfleet Compound. Splix stays in Ankyra to research.
Session 47: Splix, during his research, studies the Vitriolic Sphere spell.
Session 48: The [Seven Up...|party]], minus [Kiris and Splix, rides on a boat. Their boat tugs a smaller boat containing digging tools and some empty barrels. The [Seven Up...|party]], upon exiting the river's mouth, follows the western coastline.
[Session 49: Meanwhile, Splix is researching with Professor Aufel back in Ankyra's Old Castle Compound. Splix finds out that what tethers Yvernus to Midkip is a magical tether located in another plane of existence.
Session 49: In Ankyra's Old Castle Compound, Splix sees a Void Dragon swooping down to the compound. The dragon appears to carry a man. The dragon lands on the castle walls, and waits.
Session 49: Splix sees Mitarella and Remus exiting the castle to check on the situation. Mitarella approaches the intruders. Splix stays within earshot of the regent.
Session 49: Splix agrees with Mitarella. This pushes Remus to exchange their prisoners for the civilians of Yvernus.
Session 49: Splix soots Raveena surprised about being saved. He hears Raveena mention the man's name: Elvin.
Session 49: Adeena, Adikia and Theobald arrives at the Ankyra's Old Castle Compound. Theobald helps the civilians. Adeena approaches Remus and Splix, and Adikia walks to Mitarella.
Session 49: Splix casts Arcane Eye and attempts to enter the portal with it. The dragon senses this, but Elvin persuades the dragon not to worry about it as it poses no threat. Elvin mocks the party. Adikia is irate; sensing a provocation, Mitarella coaxes Adikia:
"Let them have this day."
Session 50: Theobald, Adeena and Adikia plan to return back to Ironfleet Compound. As they pass by the library, they see Splix researching.
Session 50: Just as the [Seven Up...|party]] is about to ride the [Bloated Dragon, Splix returns bearing a message from Savras University about Professor Embersense's location. Professor Embersense and his apprentice, Fiamil, are currently researching an ancient structure resurfacing from the sea. Splix suggests a destination to Gandour, and the latter accepts.
Session 50: Upon arriving at the destination, Gandour and the [Seven Up...|party]] could not find the ruins. [Splix uses a spyglass to check for ruins; he finds a shallow sandbar that they can land on.
Session 51: Splix casts Comprehend Languages. Other members of the [Seven Up...|party]] explore the [Library.
Session 51: Arc scours the second floor and sees two humanoids, a bearded old elf and a female human, resting on a table. After a brief confrontation, Arc determines that the two are Splix's colleagues: Dorfir Embersense and Fiamil.
Session 51: Splix reads a scroll that retells the major events that happened during the Primordial Ages.
Session 51: During the party's conversation, Splix and Fiamil wander off into the pillars. They suddenly disappear into a hole in the floor.
Session 51: The [Seven Up...|party]] meets a decaying, seemingly undead sphinx. They see the unconscious bodies of [Splix and Fiamil on the ground.
Session 51: Theobald offers Matunda's Mace in exchange for the party's freedom, including Splix and Fiamil. The sphinx accepts the offer, but only frees him, Splix and Fiamil.
Session 52: Adikia casts Polymorph on a thrilled Dorfir Embersense. She turns him into a T-rex. Kiris, Fiamil and Splix ride on the polymorphed professor. Adeena and Thoradin cast Find Steed. Arc and Noah walks.
