share: true
creation_date: 2025-03-02 16:46
location: "[Chtapodhi District]]"
fc-date: 1083-06-05
fc-category: Session
icon: calendar
A Meeting Long Overdue
Back to the [Ironfleet Compound
Nokia alerts Mitarella, Michaela, Kayvan, Remus and Kirren.
The party enters the Ironfleet Compound and talks to Gandour.
The party sees the servants, workers and guards all stressed and fatigued.
Gandour explains that the Dusk Talons are not allowing anyone to leave the compound.
Gandour shares that the construction of the airship is his main priority. However, they suffer from lack of resources and manpower.
Splix casts Alarm spell to check for intruders in a rather unguarded part of the compound.
Noah asks Gandour for some arrows. Gandour gives her 2 bundles of ammunition (20 arrows each).
Kiris warns the Mitarella and company about possible ambush using a sending stone Kirren gave to her.
Kirren replies:
"Don't worry."
Adikia casts Speak with Plants to talk to a flower belonging in a flower patch just outside the compound.
Arc and Thoradin looks for Dusk Talon Assassins.
Arc confronts a Dusk Talon and interrogates him.
The assassin divulges that the Order of Yekora is behind the attacks on the Ironfleet Compound.
Thoradin meets a halfling bystander smoking a cigarette and shares events that happened near the compound.
The bystander shares that there were many skirmishes near the compound.
Theobald helps the guards and workers.
Mitarella and company arrives, along with food and resources for Gandour's people.
A Luminous Meeting
Meeting with Gandour, Nos, Olrac, Dello, Djorken and Augustus.
Mitarella tells Gandour the news about the Death of King Riordan.
Party shares details about the Scepter of Akenatun, including those who claimed it: Elvin and Rickard; they could not identify the other one.
Adeena explains to Gandour that she might be the reason why the compound was under attack by the Dusk Talons. Gandour was understandably exasperated.
Noah sees a vision of Agatha. Noah does not understand what Agatha said.
Mitarella shares Kayriel's mission in Sumber.
Kayriel's task is to spy on the ruling factions of Sumber.
The reasoning behind Kayriel's assignment was due to reports of Sumber's elite gearing for war.
Kayriel infiltrated the Order of Yekora and became Frederick's right-hand man. His cover name is Candor. Adeena attests to this fact.
Kayriel was assigned for 25 years. Two years ago Kayriel broke contact with Mitarella.
Mitarella, Kayvan and Kirren knows nothing about Kayriel's ability to magically create a clone of himself.
Kayvan shares that he has communication with his father. In addition, he exclaims that his father is loyal to his family and king.
If I know anything about my father, it is that his loyalty lies first with his family, and then the king...
Kirren backs up Kayvan, saying that Kayriel, even when afar, was trying to be her father figure.
The party is unsure about Kayriel's affiliation: is he a spy for Kippian, a servant of Frederick, or a member of The Cult of Miledu?
Stumped on the identity of the holder of the Acquermann ring they found in the Theater Incident, the party recollects their thoughts.
The party excluded Kayriel and Korvin as the Acquermann member of The Cult of Miledu.
Adeena asks Kirren if the Acquermann Clan has records they can check. Kirren says yes... but the records are in Yvernus.
Kiris casts Disguise Self to mimic the face of the unknown member of the Acquermann Clan.
Mitarella, Kirren, and Kayvan could not recognize the face. However, Nos and Olrac shares that they have seen that face before.
Nos explains that Mayor Silvano once had an adopted brother. Nos says that the man stole from Mayor Silvano and ran away. 
Curiously, Nos and Olrac cannot remember the man's name.
Adikia casts Detect Thoughts, but the two really forgot about the man's name.
Splix recalls that there is a spell that could modify the memory of a large group of people, but the modification must be extremely subtle. 
Splix further explains that such powerful enchantment can only be cast by an Eladrin.