share: true
creation_date: 2025-04-20 15:50
location: "[Chtapodhi District]]"
fc-date: 1083-06-09
fc-category: Session
icon: calendar
Dealings and Negotiations
Dinner Meeting
The [party meets with Gandour, Kirren, Kayvan Djorken, Nos-Aji, and Olrac.
The party asks for help regarding Nokia being petrified. Gandour mentions a cleric from Foenyx might do the job.
Theobald recalls that a Greater Restoration spell can heal petrification. Adikia decides to go to Foenyx first day in the morning.
Gandour shares that the airship begin its test run tomorrow afternoon.
The party asks how many people can the airship hold. Gandour tells them that the airship can have 20 to 50 crew members.
After the dinner, the party decides to rest.
A servant name Anna brings common clothes to the party. Thoradin asks a servant, Anna, for a backpack. Anna furnishes a new and stylish backpack for Thoradin.
Kiris decides to sleep inKayvan's quarters with Kirren. Before Kiris rests, Thoradin asks Kiris to cast Vortex Warp on the Bloodstone Arcane Gem.
Meanwhile, Splix is researching with Professor Aufel back in Ankyra's Old Castle Compound. Splix finds out that what tethers Yvernus to Midkip is a magical tether located in another plane of existence.
The party takes a long rest.
Excursion in Foenyx (10th of Zagi)
Adikia wakes up before dawn. She wakes the party, but only Adeena, Theobald and Arc decide to accompany her.
Adikia, Adeena, Theobald, and Arc go to Foenyx. With Theobald guiding them, they arrive at the chapel at Roan Street. However, the chapel is closed still. Arc, Adeena and Theobald separately check the district as Adikia stays on a bench by the chapel doors.
Arc finds a thieves' cant symbol for a black market store. Arc follows it, but he bumps a sketchy halfling in a narrow alleyway. He keeps the 1 cp coin he found from the halfling. The halfling promises to guide Arc to the black market store.
Arc finds a stall in the wall. A masked halfling mans the store. Arc buys 2 packs of caltrops, 10 daggers, a vial of poison, thieves' tools, and 60 arrows for 200 gp.
The halfling guide tugs on Arc, asking for some donatin. Arc gifts 2 gp (and the 1 cp) to the halfling. The masked shopkeeper remarks that Arc is too generous for a thief.
Theobald visits the Chapel of Aisef in Foenyx. He waits on a priest to consult.
Father Ignatius, a young and clean-shaven priest, converses with Theobald. Father Ignatius addresses Theobald as his superior.
Theobald asks for some help with Nokia, but Father Ignatius cannot cast the Greater Restoration spell.
Father Ignatius asks Theobald about the Matunda's Mace. Theobald shares that Stella Kari entrusted it to him before she dies. Theobald remarks that he is unsure of the path he is taking. He shares his vision of Aisef to Father Ignatius.
Father Ignatius cannot lessen Theobald's worries, but he coaxes Theobald to hold on to their faith.
Adeena visits the Grand Cathedral and reminisces those who have fallen from the attack last week.
Adeena feels a wave of dark magic emanating from the southwest. She hurries back to Adikia and the others to warn them.
The party meets Adikia. They enter the chapel, which turns out to be the Chapel of Amlin.
An elvish priest recognizes Arc and Theobald. The priest calls himself Father Drenn.
Adikia asks Father Drenn to heal Nokia's petrification. Father Drenn obliges, but only if they pay for the service, the cost of which is 110 gp. The 100 gp is for the diamond dust to be consumed by the spell.
Adikia willingly agrees. Father Drenn exits to a room behind the altar and appears with the dust.
Father Drenn casts a Greater Restoration spell on Nokia. Nokia reverts back to its normal state. However, Nokia gains a permanent scar where the crack used to be. Nokia's hit points are decreased by six.
Father Drenn blesses the party with the following phrase: 
"May you be guided by the light of Amlin."
Negotiations in Ankyra
Back in Ironfleet Compound, Noah, Kiris and Thoradin wake up and find the other members of their party gone.
They check up on Gandour who is deconstructing the warehouse to allow the airship to fly out of it.
Noah, Kiris and Thoradin see movement on the floating Yvernus. They see a dragon fly out of it, and descend down into Ankyra.
Kirren decides to check on the situation. Thoradin, Noah and Kiris decide to stay to defend the airship.
In Ankyra's Old Castle Compound, Splix sees a Void Dragon swooping down to the compound. The dragon appears to carry a man. The dragon lands on the castle walls, and waits.
Splix sees Mitarella and Remus exiting the castle to check on the situation. Mitarella approaches the intruders. Splix stays within earshot of the regent.
The dragon descends down on the compound and lowers its head. The robed man, who is wielding a staff with a dragon emblem, approaches Mitarella.
Mitarella talks to the man. The man negotiates for the prisoners' release in exchange for the lives of the civilians of Yvernus. As a gesture of good will, the man casts a portal spell. Three civilians exit from the portal.
Mitarella heads back and consults with Remus.
Adeena, Arc, Adikia and Theobald return to Ironfleet Compound. Theobald, Adikia and Adeena decide to go to check on the dragon appearing in Ankyra's Old Castle Compound.
Michaela appears, and she votes not to exchange prisoners. Mitarella is leaning to agree on the man's proposal. Remus remains undecided.
The man approaches the building and warns the king to make a decision. He points his staff to the floating district, and a body falls from it.
Splix agrees with Mitarella. This pushes Remus to exchange their prisoners for the civilians of Yvernus.
Mitarella returns to the man to negotiate: one prisoner for a third of the civilians.
The man casts a portal and around 200 dazed civilians exit from it. The man asks for a prisoner. Mitarella releases Raveena.
Splix soots Raveena surprised about being saved. He hears Raveena mention the man's name: Elvin.
Elvin releases another 200 civilians. Mitarella hugs Malvin before releasing him. Malvin Randall stands behind Elvin.
Kirren appears in Ankyra's Old Castle Compound and sees the civilians. She breaks down as she never thought that they could not save civilians of Yvernus.
Elvin releases the last 200 civilians. Mitarella releases Rickard. Rickard mockingly spits at Mitarella's direction: 
"The royals of Midkip do not negotiate."
Adeena, Adikia and Theobald arrives at the Ankyra's Old Castle Compound. Theobald helps the civilians. Adeena approaches Remus and Splix, and Adikia walks to Mitarella.
Elvin mocks Adikia. He then casts Thaumaturgy to make his voice loud. He warns those in the compound: 
"I am the herald of doom, and your doom is at hand."
Elvin casts a large portal in front of Adikia and Mitarella. The two back off. Raveena, Malvin and Rickard rush into the portal, but the dragon stops them. The dragon and Elvin must enter first. 
Splix casts Arcane Eye and attempts to enter the portal with it. The dragon senses this, but Elvin persuades the dragon not to worry about it as it poses no threat. Elvin mocks the party. Adikia is irate; sensing a provocation, Mitarella coaxes Adikia: 
"Let them have this day."
The portal grows large enough for the dragon to enter. Elvin utters the following words to Adikia: 
"We will meet again... But you will meet them no more!"
The dragon smashes the three prisoners with its claws, killing them instantly. Elvin and the dragon enters the portal.
Adikia sees a figure jumping down from the wall. The figure turns out to be Kayriel; he is trying to enter the portal. He fires three bolts into the portal.
Sensing an opening, Adikia uses her Fey Step ability to support Kayriel. The two attempt to enter the diminishing portal. 
Kayriel and Adikia fail to enter the portal. Kayriel is caught by the portal and breaks down into water.
Mitarella breaks down, and Remus is horrified by what transpired.