share: true
creation_date: 2025-02-16 16:24
location: "[Ankyra District]]"
fc-date: 1083-06-05
fc-category: Session
icon: calendar
Snap Back to Reality
A Funeral
[Party takes a long rest inside the Labyrinthus.
The party incurs temporal displacement sickness. Theobald, Arc and Adeena are more affected by the sickness.
A servant informs them that they are invited at the Funeral of King Riordan. The servant gives them formal clothes to wear.
Adeena opts to meditate and talk to Aulephi. Arc opts to rest instead.
Splix casts Augury with a couple of coins.
Splix's Augury reveals: "Weal, maybe woe."
The party, except Noah, drinks a tea fashioned from the ginger where The First Tree grew. It is a traditional drink honoring Antasha, goddess of the land.
During the traditional intermission, Mitarella talks to Adikia, Theobald, and Kiris.
Mitarella shares that Kayriel Acquermann is not in Sumber. She has had no success communicating with Kayriel Acquermann
Noah overhears Kirren and Michaela talking. Kirren asks if Michaela if she knew about Leneia. Michaela denies it, and consoles Kirren.
Thoradin talks to the royal guards. During a friendly contest, Thoradin sees two runic inscriptions inside his Vambrace Shields.
Splix spots Professor Aufel and talk to him. During their reunion, Splix showed his professor his Ymerald Staff.
Professor Aufel inspects the staff, and is boggled by it. Splix then shows the Arcanus Labyrinthus. Professor Aufel is understandably confused.
Noah overhears that Professor Aufel and Michaela talking. The professor's there to conduct research within the Ankyra's Old Castle Compound's library that could help with the Yvernus situation.
The body of King Riordan is doused by the Fire of Akenatun. The funeral ends.
In the mean time...
Arc wakes up, and Adeena is not in the room. She left the following note:
!NOTE]
From [Adeena
I need to fulfill my oath.
The party plans a meeting with the group within the Ironfleet Compound. The party invites Mitarella, Michaela, Kirren, Kayvan and Remus.
Theobald prays to Aisef.
Arc sneaks out of the compound to sell some stuff. Arc stumbles upon a dagger with a Sumberian design.
Thoradin asks Adikia to read the inscriptions on his Vambrace Shields.
From Wycroft, To Quigymara.
Kiris asks Kirren about the Shadow Sigil. Kirren claims that she does not know about it other than that it looks familiar to the Wayravens' sigil.
Noah reads her translation book for primordial language. She became privy to the chronological succession of the Primordial Ages.
The chronological list of the Primordial Ages:

Age of the Old Gods

Age of Dragons

Age of Beasts

Age of Orcs

Age of Humans
Splix visits Professor Aufel and asks the professor to teach him an evocation spell. Professor Aufel asks for a thorough inspection of the Ymerald Staff in exchange.
Back to the Ironfleets...?
As the Noah steps out of the Ankyra's Old Castle Compound, the party hears a whistle and the sound of detonation originating from the Ironfleet Compound.
Thoradin bursts into action and rides a steed. The party rides a closed carriage pulled by two horses. Theobald drives the carriage.
During their frantic run, Thoradin is hit by a crossbow bolt. A hidden assailant attacks Thoradin, stopping the party from their tracks.
During the encounter, the party determines that the assailant is Kayriel Acquermann.
The party traps Kayriel inside the carriage.