share: true
creation_date: 2025-06-01 17:00
location: "[Chtapodhi District]]"
fc-date: 1083-06-12
fc-category: Session
icon: calendar
Uncertain Times Ahead
"For the Moment I'm Your Ally"
The [party confronts Janna.
Janna explains that she and the party have a common enemy. Janna agrees to be interrogated by the party.
Theobald expresses his concerns to Gandour. Gandour responds that he trusts Janna because she turned over Darchus and Daria Ironfleet, members of The Cult of Miledu.
Gandour lands the airship. Noah notices campfire smokes in Drakon resembling a military camp. The party and Gandour dismisses her.
An errand boy approaches Gandour; Gandour points the errand boy to Adeena. Adeena receives a message:
At dusk, meet me at the Arena of the Dueling Swords. Do not bring "him".
-C/K
Another Interrogation
The retinue from Ankyra arrives. The carriage contains Kirren, Mitarella, Michaela and Remus.
The Ironfleet Compound's dining hall is prepared. Gandour, Djorken, Dello, Kayvan, Augustus, Nos and Olrac are also present in the interrogation.
Fiamil, Professor Aufel and Professor Embersense, on the other hand, reunite in an adjacent room.
Kiris talks to Kirren. Kirren is fatigued as she and the people in Ankyra are helping the Yvernus survivors.
Noah asks Michaela to assist her in checking Drakon later. Michaela refuses, reasoning that she is currently tied to her duty.
Mitarella gives a scroll of Zone of Truth to Theobald. Theobald casts it and starts the interrogation. Janna does not resist the spell.
Janna admits that she has done unforgivable things to the party. However, she asks them to unite against their common enemy: Elvin.
According to Janna, she, Leneia, Laurie and Auriel only aimed to reduce Kyps' and Acquermanns' hold over United Kippian. They do not agree with what Elvin and his faction are planning.
Janna believes that Elvin is planning to unchain Yvernus from Midkip. She heard that the chain must be located within the Plane of Dragons.
Remus and Kirren clarifies Janna's justification of her acts. Janna exposes that the Kyp Clan is weak, leaving only an unprepared prince to lead United Kippian. Janna also criticizes the Acquermann Clan, saying that there is no present leader. She dismisses Kayvan, claiming that the child, in spite of his wisdom, is still inexperienced. Janna hopes that the people of United Kippian welcome elven leadership.
The party asks Janna who is the Acquermann representative of The Cult of Miledu during the Theater Incident. Janna responds that she only know his name as Kariil Acquermann. He also has an Eladrin partner who Janna met only once. Her name is Vanayra.
Kariil Acquermann is supposed to be the son of Korvin Acquermann. Janna claims that Kariil Acquermann presented Laurie a sigil similar to what Kristofer Acquermann gave to Kiris.
Vanayra is described as a beautiful Eladrin with blond hair. Janna seems to have a hard time remembering Vanayra.
Remus removes Janna from the room. Remus proposes to keep Janna in Ankyra's Old Castle's dungeons. He addresses the party, asking what they would do.
The party asks Remus to supply Adikia with material components for her Legend Lore spell. Gandour provides Adikia with incense worth 1250 gp. Remus gives Adikia an IOU slip for ivory strips worth 1000 gp.
The Ankyra retinue goes back to Ankyra's Old Castle Compound with Janna.
Brief Intermission
Men in Drakon
Theobald accompanies Noah to Drakon. Theobald asks Noah for 300 gp, enough to buy a diamond for one Revivify spell.
Theobald and Noah see many campfires in Drakon. They also spot dwarves and humans loitering in he fields. Noah and Theobald talks to a dwarf.
The dwarf claims that they are working in the fields during the upcoming harvest season. Another man, a towering human with a muscular physique, talks as if trying to intimidate the two. Other muscular men are now looking at them.
Theobald and Noah attempt to deflect suspicion. To gain their trust, they drink ales with them. Theobald recognizes the ale as an import from Wycroft.
The towering human, who introduces himself as Josh, flirts with Noah. Josh asks Noah about Yvernus. Noah claims to have little idea about it. Upon Noah's asking, Josh reveals that he is from the northern Kippian, hailing from Yorkel Forest.
Ivory Trip
Kiris and Adikia travel to Foenyx to procure some ivory strips.
The two find a store. They successfully persuade the shopkeeper, Geraldt, to trade Remus' IOU slip for the ivory strips, a harp, a violin, and some strings. The two add 1 sp and a chipped gold from the Aureate Rapier to balance the deal.
Adikia and Kiris sign Geraldt's ledger, claiming that their signatures would attract future customers.
As they walk back to Ironfleet Compound, they notice Drakon alight with many campfires. The two decide to check it.
I See...
Splix stays with the professors. He remembers the vision of Zagi trying to defeat the sphinx inside the Sunken Library. The visionalso reveals the sphinx's name: Taurosh.
The scholars are discussing about getting the artifact in Asteri District that used to create the district's magical barrier.
It's Time to Duel
Adeena and Thoradin go to the Arena of the Dueling Swords. Adeena tells Thoradin to prepare, as she is about to face Kayriel.
A guard attempts to stop them. The guard allows Adeena to enter after she invoked the Randalls' name.
Adeena enters the Arena of the Dueling Swords. She sees a figure in the arena. She also spots some audience camouflaging in the shadows around the arena.
The figure in front of Adeena speaks. It is Kayriel. 
"I hope you've come to die."