share: true
creation_date: 2025-06-22 18:00
location: "Midkip"
fc-date: 1083-06-13
fc-category: Session
icon: calendar
Stayin' Alive
The Dead Rises (13th of Zagi)
Theobald senses the life thread of one of his allies severed. Theobald leaves Noah, who was drunk, to Flavius's care.
Theobald feels that the Matunda's Mace is leading him somewhere. He follows it.
Meanwhile Kiris, who is carrying Adikia's body, shouts out to Theobald. Theobald and Kiris eventually meet up. 
Kiris explains that Adikia is struck dead. The two decide to go to Foenyx. Theobald's plan is to go to the Chapel of Amlin and consult Drenn Halyx. Theobald asks Kiris to obtain a diamond worth 500 gp.
Kiris strikes a deal
Kiris heads back to Geraldt's store. All stores are closed, so Kiris knocks on one of the houses close to it. A rotund man shows on the upper floor window. After hearing Kiris' pleading, the man and Geraldt shows himself to Kiris. Geraldt leads Kiris to his store.
Geraldt agrees to sell diamond rings worth 750 gp. Geraldt explains that the diamonds in total is worth 500 gp.
Kiris negotiates with Geraldt; he gives the shopkeeper 500 gp and his magic citrine stone in exchange for the diamond rings. After the deal, Kiris heads back to the Chapel of Amlin.
Choices with consequences
Father Drenn opens the door to Theobald. Theobald consults Father Drenn. Father Drenn warns Theobald that using the Raise Dead spell will have consequences.
Father Drenn offers a safer alternative: cast Reincarnate spell using the priest's spell scroll. However, only a druid can cast the spell.
As Theobald is mulling the options, he hears a faint whisper; unfortunately he could not discern it. 
Kiris arrives, and he and Theobald consider their options. They decide that Theobald must cast the Raise Dead spell on Adikia.
Kiris gives the diamond rings to Theobald. As Theobald is about to cast the spell, the Matunda's Mace glows; Theobald put it near the body of Adikia.
Back to Base
Adeena and Thoradin exit the Arena of the Dueling Swords with Kayriel's body on a steed. Three Dusk Talons glide down from the nearby buildings to meet them. The Dusk Talons talk to Adeena.
"We've paid our debts. May we not cross paths again"
The Dusk Talons hand Adeena an emblem similar to what Kiris received from his father. They pay respects to Kayriel's body.
Adeena and Thoradin walk back to the Ironfleet Compound.
The Wycroft Gladiators
Noah's fight
Noah wakes up from her drunken stupor and sees Theobald gone.
Noah surveys the workers' movements and comes to the conclusion that they must be soldiers. Noah investigates and interrogates.
Noah sarcastically praises a worker's farming work to get a reaction. Noah's words anger the man, and he challenges Noah to a fight.
During the fight, the other workers gather and cheer Rex, the man who is fighting Noah. Noah eventually surrenders. Josh, who was cheering Noah, administers basic aid and comforts Noah.
Noah talks to Flavius. Out of nowhere, Flavius asks about Gandour and Remus; Noah feigns ignorance. Noah walks back to the Ironfleet Compound.
Along the way, Noah sees Flavius and Josh following her. She learns that the two are also going to the Ironfleet Compound. Noah walks on the other side of the road.
Noah meets Adeena and Thoradin. Thoradin tells Noah what transpired in the arena.
Kinship between two dwarves
Thoradin asks Noah about her wounds. Thoradin points at Flavius's direction, and the two dwarves confront each other.
Thoradin and Flavius talk in Dwarvish. Thoradin learns that the workers in Drakon are actually Wycroft Gladiators, and that Flavius is an emissary from Wycroft. They are in Midkip to help the people of United Kippian deal with the current crisis.
Flavius sees Thoradin's Vambrace Shields and gushes at Cappodon, an idol and hero to the Wycroft Gladiators. The tension between the two dwarves diminishes.
The two dwarves agree to a deal: Thoradin will accompany Flavius to meet Prince Remus.
A Haunting Vision
Arc arrives at the Ironfleet Compound to recuperate. He takes a short rest.
Kayvan walks by the room where Arc is resting. Kayvan tells Arc that he could not sleep due to a nightmare. He asks Arc where his allies are. Arc responds that he does not know. Kayvan bids goodbye and leaves.
Arc sees a shadow-like entity enter the window. The ghastly figure approaches Arc and passes through his body.
Arc wakes up from the vision clutching his Twilight Dagger.
Adikia's Revival
Adikia takes a long gasp; life and warmth flows into her. She regains consciousness.
After seeing Adikia brought back to life, Father Drenn warns Theobald:
"Now the hard part begins..."
Father Drenn asks the three to leave the chapel's premises and lock the door. 
Relieved of guilt, Kiris hugs Adikia. The three discuss their next action. They agree to accompany Adikia to retrieve a piece of Nokia.
Theobald bids his goodbye to Father Drenn, who is preparing for a religious rite.
As they exit the Chapel of Amlin, a shadow attacks them. Kiris banishes it and the three escape to the direction of Chapel of Aisef.
Through his crow, Kiris senses the shadow dissipate as dawn approaches.