share: true
aliases:
  Fiamil
gender: female
race: human
age: young adult
alignment: 
background: scholar
location: "Savras University"
faction: 
status: 
lore_type: character
icon: character
Bio
!infobox]
Fiamil Underwood
cover hsmall
Bio
| Type | Stat |
| ---- | ---- |
| Aliases | Fiamil|
| Race| human |
| Gender| female|
| Age | young adult|
| Alignment|| 
| Background| scholar|
| Location|  [Savras University|
| Faction| | 
Description
Fiamil Underwood is a scholar of Savras University. She is deaf and mute, resorting to writing and sign language for communication. She is currently working as Dorfir Embersense's apprentice.
Relationships
Splix's friend
Story log
Most Recent
Session 50: Just as the party is about to ride the Bloated Dragon, Splix returns bearing a message from [Savras University|Savras University]] about [Professor Embersense's location. Professor Embersense and his apprentice, Fiamil, are currently researching an ancient structure resurfacing from the sea. Splix suggests a destination to Gandour, and the latter accepts.
Session 51: Arc scours the second floor and sees two humanoids, a bearded old elf and a female human, resting on a table. After a brief confrontation, Arc determines that the two are Splix's colleagues: Dorfir Embersense and Fiamil.
Session 51: The party meets Dorfir Embersense and Fiamil Underwood. The party updates the two on what happened during the two weeks they are researching inside the Library.
Session 51: During the party's conversation, Splix and Fiamil wander off into the pillars. They suddenly disappear into a hole in the floor.
Session 51: The party meets a decaying, seemingly undead sphinx. They see the unconscious bodies of Splix and Fiamil on the ground.
Session 51: Theobald offers Matunda's Mace in exchange for the party's freedom, including Splix and Fiamil. The sphinx accepts the offer, but only frees him, Splix and Fiamil.
Session 51: During the fight, the sphinx teleports to the first floor and fatally wounds Dorfir Embersense and Fiamil.
Session 51: Theobald casts revivify on both Dorfir Embersense and Fiamil Underwood. Arc uses the diamond from the tiara for one cast.
Session 52: Adikia proposes to Polymorph Adeena into a sperm whale. Dorfir Embersense and Fiamil Underwood excitedly agree.
Session 52: Adikia casts Polymorph on a thrilled Dorfir Embersense. She turns him into a T-rex. Kiris, Fiamil and Splix ride on the polymorphed professor. Adeena and Thoradin cast Find Steed. Arc and Noah walks.

All Entries
Session 46: Professor Aufel also tells Splix that Professor Embersense took Fiamil as his disciple.
Session 50: Just as the party is about to ride the Bloated Dragon, Splix returns bearing a message from [Savras University|Savras University]] about [Professor Embersense's location. Professor Embersense and his apprentice, Fiamil, are currently researching an ancient structure resurfacing from the sea. Splix suggests a destination to Gandour, and the latter accepts.
Session 51: Arc scours the second floor and sees two humanoids, a bearded old elf and a female human, resting on a table. After a brief confrontation, Arc determines that the two are Splix's colleagues: Dorfir Embersense and Fiamil.
Session 51: The party meets Dorfir Embersense and Fiamil Underwood. The party updates the two on what happened during the two weeks they are researching inside the Library.
Session 51: During the party's conversation, Splix and Fiamil wander off into the pillars. They suddenly disappear into a hole in the floor.
Session 51: The party meets a decaying, seemingly undead sphinx. They see the unconscious bodies of Splix and Fiamil on the ground.
Session 51: Theobald offers Matunda's Mace in exchange for the party's freedom, including Splix and Fiamil. The sphinx accepts the offer, but only frees him, Splix and Fiamil.
Session 51: During the fight, the sphinx teleports to the first floor and fatally wounds Dorfir Embersense and Fiamil.
Session 51: Theobald casts revivify on both Dorfir Embersense and Fiamil Underwood. Arc uses the diamond from the tiara for one cast.
Session 52: Adikia proposes to Polymorph Adeena into a sperm whale. Dorfir Embersense and Fiamil Underwood excitedly agree.
Session 52: Adikia casts Polymorph on a thrilled Dorfir Embersense. She turns him into a T-rex. Kiris, Fiamil and Splix ride on the polymorphed professor. Adeena and Thoradin cast Find Steed. Arc and Noah walks.
