share: true
aliases:
  Nos
gender: male
race: halfling
age: middle-aged
alignment: 
background: thief
location: "Curkip"
faction: "Curkip Thieves Guild"
status: ally
lore_type: character
icon: character
Bio
!infobox]
Nos-Aji
cover hsmall
Bio
| Type | Stat |
| ---- | ---- |
| Aliases | Nos|
| Race| halfling |
| Gender| male|
| Age | middle-aged|
| Alignment|| 
| Background| thief|
| Location|  [Curkip|
| Faction| Curkip Thieves Guild| 
Description
Leader of the Curkip Thieves Guild
Nos is the leader of the Curkip Thieves Guild. Due to his principled stances, easygoing personality, and inventiveness, Nos-Aji managed to expand the guild's influence and reach. He also has many contacts not only within the city of Curkip, but also throughout the Kippian settlements.

As the guild's leader, Nos planned and led the recent Curkip Revolt.
Relationships
Nos trusts and is trusted by the party. He considers Olrac his apprentice and closest friend.
Story log
Most Recent
Session 44: Mitarella, Kirren, and Kayvan could not recognize the face. However, Nos and Olrac shares that they have seen that face before.
Session 44: Nos explains that Mayor Silvano once had an adopted brother. Nos says that the man stole from Mayor Silvano and ran away.
Session 44: Curiously, Nos and Olrac cannot remember the man's name.
Session 48: Thoradin and Noah meets Kiris in the courtyard and explains to them what happened. Afterwards, Thoradin talks to Nos and admits that they failed in retrieving the blacksand.
Session 48: Adeena returns the trinket back to Nos.
Session 48: Adeena asks Olrac, who is arguing with a servant outside, where to source gloompowder. Olrac directs Adeena to Nos.
Session 48: Adeena finds Nos in a workshop/storage room experimenting on some chemicals. Adeena asks Nos where to find gloompowder. Nos explains that their supply is dwindling, and that he is trying to find the process of creating gloompowder. Gandour has generously provided the equipment and chemicals to experiment, but they still lack blacksand, the base substance for creating gloompowder.
Session 48: Nos explains that they can find blacksand within coastal caves.
Session 48: Adeena promises Nos that they will find some blacksand. Nos gifts Adeena a cork-shaped trinket that can attract blacksand.
Session 49: The party meets with Gandour, Kirren, Kayvan Djorken, Nos-Aji, and Olrac.

All Entries
Session 1: Receive words from Olrac (through sending) and Nos-Aji. Messenger pigeon died.
Session 1: Sending contains information that Nos-aji is already at Midkip. Nos has discovered a powerful cult embedded into the influential houses of Kippian.
!quote|mark(Olrac.md)
This Olrac. Ezza here, safe. Nos in Midkip, investigating, his messenger pigeon died. Ryla arrived; she mayor for now. What you doing? Reply twenty-five.
Session 8: Finding Nos: Lykos is home to many halflings, none of which is Nos.
Session 9: Nos is the culprit of the explosion; he tries to enter the quarantined district
Session 12: Kirren and Nos saves the party. They wake up at The Weeping WIllow.
Session 44: Meeting with Gandour, Nos, Olrac, Dello, Djorken and Augustus.
Session 44: Mitarella, Kirren, and Kayvan could not recognize the face. However, Nos and Olrac shares that they have seen that face before.
Session 44: Nos explains that Mayor Silvano once had an adopted brother. Nos says that the man stole from Mayor Silvano and ran away.
Session 44: Curiously, Nos and Olrac cannot remember the man's name.
Session 48: Adeena asks Olrac, who is arguing with a servant outside, where to source gloompowder. Olrac directs Adeena to Nos.
Session 48: Adeena finds Nos in a workshop/storage room experimenting on some chemicals. Adeena asks Nos where to find gloompowder. Nos explains that their supply is dwindling, and that he is trying to find the process of creating gloompowder. Gandour has generously provided the equipment and chemicals to experiment, but they still lack blacksand, the base substance for creating gloompowder.
Session 48: Nos explains that they can find blacksand within coastal caves.
Session 48: Adeena promises Nos that they will find some blacksand. Nos gifts Adeena a cork-shaped trinket that can attract blacksand.
Session 48: Thoradin and Noah meets Kiris in the courtyard and explains to them what happened. Afterwards, Thoradin talks to Nos and admits that they failed in retrieving the blacksand.
Session 48: Adeena returns the trinket back to Nos.
Session 49: The party meets with Gandour, Kirren, Kayvan Djorken, Nos-Aji, and Olrac.
