share: true
aliases:
  Thoradin
gender: male
race: dwarf
age: middle-aged
alignment: 
background: paladin
location: 
status: 
faction: "[Seven Up...]]"
icon: player
Bio
[!infobox]
Thoradin Goodman
cover hsmall
Bio
| |  |
| ---- | ---- |
| Aliases | Thoradin|
| Race| dwarf |
| Gender| male|
| Age | middle-aged|
| Alignment|| 
| Background| paladin|
| Location|  |
| Faction| [Seven Up...| 
Known for: being a staunch paladin of Macchi
Description
Class: Paladin
Subclass: Oath of the Shield)
Backstory
Thoradin Goodman grew up in Onix, a small mountain village near the Opidian city of Qwartz. The region was believed to be the place where the Age of Orcs started. Thus, followers of Macchi settled here in case new Kortusk orcs began spawning. The legend passed from generations to generations, and the followers of Macchi dwindled; however, some of them stayed loyal, as was the case of Thoradin’s lineage. Thorvald Goodman, Thoradin’s father, is a devout paladin dedicated to Macchi. Seris, his mother, on the other hand, is an oracle and a herald for the same god.

!note(../Lore/The%20Corruption%20of%20Kortusk.md)
“It was said that in ancient times, at the end of the Age of Beasts, Miledu deceived and corrupted Kortusk, son of the orc god Macchi. Kortusk, believing that his brother Gorbogi was trying to usurp their father, killed him in his sleep. This grave offense was not tolerated by the gods, and thus, Akenatun, the sun-god, the all-creator, banished Macchi to guard the underground prison of Miledu as penance for his son’s actions. Macchi was then expelled from the Pantheon of the Old Gods.
_A worse fate awaited Kortusk and his brood. Kortusk’s body and soul was severed from the other. His body was cursed to never decay, and was locked and buried deep underground, never to be found again. His soul was fractured and was forced to invade the souls of his descendants. Kortusk, consumed by hatred, tormented his followers to destroy every other living being until they died. Such was the curse of Kortusk’s progeny. The Old Gods believed that that would be the end of Kortusk and his evil deeds._
Miledu, however, anticipated the plan. He had planted a cursed seed inside Kortusk’s body before his demise. The seed consumed the body, transforming the non-decaying matter to lifeless orc vessels. When the last of the old progeny of Kortusk perished, the fractured souls of the fallen god bound to the fully-formed orcs inside the cursed body. These new Kortusk orcs were born with such hatred and destruction, and nothing else. After some time, they finally surfaced and began to ravage the once peaceful land.
_And thus began the Age of Orcs.”_

The Goodman family is respected in the village; they even elected Thorvald to be the village leader in times of crises. Such crises came in the form of raids from rabid Kortusk fanatics. As fervent followers of Macchi, Thorvald and the villagers vowed to stamp out this evil from whence they came. While now not as powerful as the the Old Gods, Macchi still uses his divine power to guide his followers to fight Kortusk.

Thoradin knew that his path in life is to follow the footsteps of his father and be a servant of Macchi. Since his early childhood, he had always dreamt of becoming a paladin to protect the villagers from the vile fanatics.

Thoradin, however, was not alone in pursuing this dream. His childhood friend, Elix Claymore, also dreams of becoming a paladin of Macchi. This was not surprising since their fathers, Thorvald Goodman and Alexis Claymore, were great friends and were both paladins. They fought side by side, and together they were unstoppable. Thoradin and Elix would always hear the stories of their fathers’ adventures, and they both hoped to be the main characters in their own stories someday.

One fateful day, however, Thorvald Goodman arrived at the village without Alexis Claymore, who was with him when they started an offensive of their own against the Cult of Kortusk. Elix’s father died on the mission, and Thorvald delivered this heartbreaking news to Elix. Thorvald did not hesitate to be the guardian of Elix. Elix, whose mother had died several years ago, accepted the offer, with some nudging from Thoradin. 

After a few weeks, a strange human claiming to be an older brother of Alexis Claymore arrived to get Elix. Even though the Goodmans didn’t want to let Elix go, they cannot do so as the man provided documents, signed by both Alexis and his wife, that substantiates his claim as the new guardian of Elix. The mysterious man took Elix away, and Thoradin never saw him since.

Years later, Thoradin trained enough to go on a mission as a novice. Thoradin was assigned to support a group of soldiers assaulting a Kortusk party. During the fight, Thoradin caught a glimpse of a hooded caster close to his position. Looking at the lay of the land, Thoradin noticed that the caster had an overwhelming vision of the battlefield and thus could ravage the party of Macchians if he casted an offensive spell. Thoradin bolted and ran into him and pinned the surprised human to the ground. Thoradin then lifted the draping hood to reveal the enemy’s face. To his surprise, the mage was not even an adult. The youth looked afraid and disoriented.

Driven by guilt of assaulting a child, instead of restraining the kid, Thoradin told him to go as far away as he can from the opposing parties. Thoradin lets the kid go; hoping that he permanently leaves the ranks of his party’s enemies. Thoradin then went back to his group and healed the wounded soldiers. A few reinforcements came from Thoradin’s side, and the battle favored heavily against the Kortusk followers. The enemies retreated and Thoradin’s group started celebrating and hugging each other. Then, seemingly appearing out of nowhere, a shadowed figure showed up on the top of the hill closest to them and casted a powerful lightning bolt directed to the group. The attack immediately killed two of his kin and wounded three others. The party’s mage cast a powerful fireball to the attacker, who was not moving and was just staring down at them. The fireball illuminated the enemy for a split second, but it was enough for Thoradin to recognize who it was: it was the kid he had saved earlier. Thoradin felt sick to his stomach.

Somehow, even if they were enemies and had met for just a few moments, Thoradin felt a little connection to the kid, the same he had when he was with Elix. Somehow he knew that the two were connected. However, whatever that connection was, he will never know as the kid laid dead, as cold as the water found deep in the Lake of Shimmers.

The grim scene left Thoradin with enormous guilt. The deaths of his companions were his, but so was the kid’s life. Ashamed to go back to Onix, Thoradin left Opidian and ended up in a tavern in the bustling town of Curkip. In that southern human city, Thoradin hopes to absolve himself from remorse and to find answers on why the blood feud between the Macchians and Kortusks, which had cost many innocent lives, persists to this day.
Relationships
Family
Parents: Thorvald and Seris Goodman
Friends
Childhood friend: Elix Claymore
Story log
Most Recent
Session 49: Kiris decides to sleep inKayvan's quarters with Kirren. Before Kiris rests, Thoradin asks Kiris to cast Vortex Warp on the Bloodstone Arcane Gem.
Session 49: Back in Ironfleet Compound, Noah, Kiris and Thoradin wake up and find the other members of their [Seven Up...|party]] gone.
[Session 49: Noah, Kiris and Thoradin see movement on the floating Yvernus. They see a dragon fly out of it, and descend down into Ankyra.
Session 49: Kirren decides to check on the situation. Thoradin, Noah and Kiris decide to stay to defend the airship.
Session 50: Thoradin sees an abnormal phenomenon: the seawater rising like a hill. The [Seven Up...|party]] checks and sees that the hill is actually the roof of a marble structure. Upon investigating, [Kiris confirms that the magic must have been cast on the structure to hide it.
Session 51: The ancient structure's doors opens to a small and narrow stone pathway. Thoradin determines that the structure is very old, and probably dates back from Primordial Ages.
Session 51: Thoradin and Kiris checks the two spell circles on the stone floor. Kiris sees that the sigils on the spell circles pertain to a certain conjuration spell.
Session 52: The [Seven Up...|party]] uses torches, rations, and arrows to create a bonfire. The [[Seven Up...|party]] uses a stabling mechanism from [Thoradin's Shield, ropes, and Theobald's Immovable Rod to raise it from the rising seawater.
Session 52: Adikia casts Polymorph on a thrilled Dorfir Embersense. She turns him into a T-rex. Kiris, Fiamil and Splix ride on the polymorphed professor. Adeena and Thoradin cast Find Steed. Arc and Noah walks.
Session 53: Adeena and Thoradin go to the Arena of the Dueling Swords. Adeena tells Thoradin to prepare, as she is about to face Kayriel.

All Entries
Session 13: Thoradin fought a few guards. He manages to gain the guards' respect.
Session 13: Thoradin read a book about Opidys. There he read about Zerrus Zagi, the mad mage.
Session 31: Mitarella meets Thoradin in the [Seven Up...|party]]'s quarters.
[Session 31: Mitarella asks Thoradin to join the [Seven Up...|party]].
[Session 32: Arc, Kiris, Thoradin and Splix goes to Kayvan's room.
Session 32: Thoradin mentions Elix to Kayvan.
Session 34: Adikia, Adeena, Theobald, Arc and Thoradin enters the Arcanus Labyrinthus.
Session 38: In a vision that shows the past, Thoradin sees Elvin in the dungeon, searching for something.
Session 39: Thoradin Goodman retrieves (and keeps) the Bloodstone Arcane Gem (Fireball DC 15).
Session 40: Thoradin retrieves the keys to disable the force barrier.
Session 41: Theobald, Thoradin and Arc receives gold for their exploration.
Session 41: Thoradin asks the casters about the existence of The Cult of Miledu.
"Miledu and his cult was nonexistent during our time. It is unfortunate that their existence has resurfaced in this age."
Session 42: Thoradin talks to the royal guards. During a friendly contest, Thoradin sees two runic inscriptions inside his Vambrace Shields.
Session 42: Thoradin asks Adikia to read the inscriptions on his Vambrace Shields.
From Wycroft, To Quigymara.
Session 42: Thoradin bursts into action and rides a steed. The [Seven Up...|party]] rides a closed carriage pulled by two horses. [Theobald drives the carriage.
Session 42: During their frantic run, Thoradin is hit by a crossbow bolt. A hidden assailant attacks Thoradin, stopping the [Seven Up...|party]] from their tracks.
[Session 44: Arc and Thoradin looks for Dusk Talon Assassins.
Session 44: Thoradin meets a halfling bystander smoking a cigarette and shares events that happened near the compound.
Session 45: Thoradin asks Macchi to reinforce his faith. Thoradin felt no response.
Session 45: Thoradin, Theobald and Kiris helps with the construction of the airship.
Session 45: Thoradin casts Find Steed for Adeena. Theobald casts Enhance Ability on Adeena.
Session 46: Thoradin, Adeena and Splix go to a dedicated place of worship within Ironfleet Compound and pray to their respective patron deity.
Session 46: Kiris, Thoradin, Theobald, Arc and Noah go to Drakon district to gauge the situation. Thoradin convinces Djorken to accompany them, saying that he'll protect him from possible harm.
Session 47: Thoradin prepares and casts Zone of Truth. Raveena fails.
Session 47: The [Seven Up...|party]] travels to [Ankyra. During their travel, Theobald and Thoradin have a sincere talk regarding faith.
Session 47: During their travel, Thoradin and Theobald continue their conversation about faith. Theobald hears a divine whisper emanating from Matunda's Mace.
Session 48: The [Seven Up...|party]] is washed ashore; [Thoradin draws the inhaled seawater from Adikia's lungs.
Session 48: The creature throws Adeena into the sea. Out of options, Thoradin casts a Fireball from his Bloodstone Arcane Gem. The creature explodes, but not without creating a significant damage to the party.
Session 48: The [Seven Up...|party]] decides to walk back to the [Ironfleet Compound. Thoradin casts Find Steed, and he and Noah rushes back.
Session 48: Thoradin and Noah meets Kiris in the courtyard and explains to them what happened. Afterwards, Thoradin talks to Nos and admits that they failed in retrieving the blacksand.
Session 49: A servant name Anna brings common clothes to the party. Thoradin asks a servant, Anna, for a backpack. Anna furnishes a new and stylish backpack for Thoradin.
Session 49: Kiris decides to sleep inKayvan's quarters with Kirren. Before Kiris rests, Thoradin asks Kiris to cast Vortex Warp on the Bloodstone Arcane Gem.
Session 49: Back in Ironfleet Compound, Noah, Kiris and Thoradin wake up and find the other members of their [Seven Up...|party]] gone.
[Session 49: Noah, Kiris and Thoradin see movement on the floating Yvernus. They see a dragon fly out of it, and descend down into Ankyra.
Session 49: Kirren decides to check on the situation. Thoradin, Noah and Kiris decide to stay to defend the airship.
Session 50: Thoradin sees an abnormal phenomenon: the seawater rising like a hill. The [Seven Up...|party]] checks and sees that the hill is actually the roof of a marble structure. Upon investigating, [Kiris confirms that the magic must have been cast on the structure to hide it.
Session 51: The ancient structure's doors opens to a small and narrow stone pathway. Thoradin determines that the structure is very old, and probably dates back from Primordial Ages.
Session 51: Thoradin and Kiris checks the two spell circles on the stone floor. Kiris sees that the sigils on the spell circles pertain to a certain conjuration spell.
Session 52: The [Seven Up...|party]] uses torches, rations, and arrows to create a bonfire. The [[Seven Up...|party]] uses a stabling mechanism from [Thoradin's Shield, ropes, and Theobald's Immovable Rod to raise it from the rising seawater.
Session 52: Adikia casts Polymorph on a thrilled Dorfir Embersense. She turns him into a T-rex. Kiris, Fiamil and Splix ride on the polymorphed professor. Adeena and Thoradin cast Find Steed. Arc and Noah walks.
Session 53: Adeena and Thoradin go to the Arena of the Dueling Swords. Adeena tells Thoradin to prepare, as she is about to face Kayriel.
