share: true
creation_date: 2025-03-23 17:45
location: "[Chtapodhi District]]"
fc-date: 1083-06-07
fc-category: Session
icon: calendar
A Semblance of Clarity
Interrogation
The [party decides to postpone the interrogation tomorrow.
Splix writes a letter to be sent to Savras University.
The party takes a long rest.
Morning Interrogation (8th of Zagi)
The party wakes up. 
Thoradin prepares and casts Zone of Truth. Raveena fails.
The party interrogates Raveena. 
Raveena reveals the masterminds of the cult are Roldan, Rickard and Elvin.
Raveena cannot remember the name of the mysterious Acquermann.
Rickard is revealed to be Raveena's recruiter.
Raveena joined The Cult of Miledu to gain power.
Raveena aims to lead Drakon into an industrious future.
The Cult of Miledu recruited Raveena to inform members and create propaganda.
Raveena claims the Theater Incident as her and Roldan's idea. The idea was to gauge public perception regarding the The Cult of Miledu.
The party is about to hurt Raveena, but Djorken interjects. He tells Adikia that they can use her to quell the Malandar Rebellion.
The party decides to lock up Raveena in Ankyra, where Rickard and Malvin are also jailed.
Incarceration
The party travels to Ankyra. During their travel, Theobald and Thoradin have a sincere talk regarding faith.
Splix splits away from the party to research with Professor Aufel.
Adeena and Adikia talks to Mitarella regarding Raveena; the regent breathes a sigh of relief. Mitarella assigns Michaela to lead them to the dungeon.
Theobald notices Michaela and Noah having a deep talk.
Raveena is placed inside her cell. As they were about to go out, Rickard shouts and laughs mockingly:
"It's about time now! You won't have to wait long..."
The party talks to the guards and Michaela about their worries. Michaela assures them that keeping them in one location saves resources and time, which the party badly needs.
The party decides to head back to the Ironfleet Compound. Splix stays in Ankyra to research.
Noah spots Arc stealing a purse from a commoner.
Splix, during his research, studies the Vitriolic Sphere spell.
Back to Ironfleet Compound
During their travel, Thoradin and Theobald continue their conversation about faith. Theobald hears a divine whisper emanating from Matunda's Mace.
Adeena gives the abjuration reference book to Gandour.
Kiris and Adikia inspects the airship. Kiris is in awe of the airship; Adikia sees casters experimenting on abjuration magic.
Theobald enters the chapel and directs his plea to Aisef. He hears the divine whisper clearer:
"The Old God will set you free. I will set you free. Trust in me. I will lead you to the truth."
Theobald is thrusted into a vision of the past where Aisef is kneeling in front of a shrine set on an open field. Aisef appears to be kneeling; Theobald observes Aisef in deep conflict about his faith. A woman figure appears to Aisef. Her response mirrors the whisper Theobald heard in the chapel.
"The truth will set you free. I will set you free."
Then, the woman figure opens her hand, and Theobald sees the symbol of Matunda inscribed on her palm. The figure then faces Theobald and imparts a premonition:
"You are destined for greater things."
Noah has a dream; the dream involves her during the dinner scene when Agatha appeared to her. This time, however, Agatha's voice is clearer.
"The answer you seek is in Suirsya..."