share: true
aliases:
  Adeena
gender: female
race: half-elf
age: middle-aged
alignment: 
background: paladin
location: "Sumber"
status: 
faction: "[Seven Up...]]"
icon: player
Bio
[!infobox]
Adeena Oberon
cover hsmall
Bio
|  |  |
| ---- | ---- |
| Aliases | Adeena|
| Race| half-elf |
| Gender| female|
| Age | middle-aged|
| Alignment|| 
| Background| paladin|
| Location|  [Sumber|
| Faction| Seven Up...| 
Description
Class: Paladin
Subclass: Oath of Judgement)
Backstory
!note(../Lore/The%20Legend%20of%20Yekora%20and%20Aulephi.md)
There was a time when all elves lived in harmony. This was during the Age of the New Gods, when smaller deities were being added to the Pantheon of the Lesser Gods. The elves, descendants of the great god Corlion, by that time, had hoisted and followed these elven gods: Aisef and Fesai, twin gods of healing and poison, respectively; Ela, the goddess of beauty and the progenitor of the Eladrins; and Amlin, the goddess of magic. The elves had a majority on the pantheon of lesser gods, but their power was weakening due to a decrease in worship.
There were two ways to worship the elven gods. One was to pray in communion with other believers, and the other was to pray in solitude. The former method of worship dedicates to the lesser elven gods by invoking Corlion; the followers of the latter method devotes to Antasha, the great goddess of land and its inhabitants, as they would always pray in the presence of secluded holy groves designated by the god. Now the two great gods need not quarrel over this, but the lesser gods had a discourse. There needed to be one method of worship, but on what method to choose they had arguments. Aisef and Ela preferred communion, while Fesai and Amlin wished for solitary worship.
On the mortal plane, the two beliefs were represented by the high elves and the wood elves. The high elves were more attuned to communion, while the wood elves were innately solitary and as such, became naturally attached in the other method. Due to their differences not only in worship but also in way of life and worldly beliefs, the two sides readied for war. The lesser gods were involved too, and they were ready to use their power and following to tip the scales of war.
As the two factions were closing in on the tipping point, the council of the great gods intervened. They decided that the two factions, instead of pursuing war, should choose among them a champion for their cause. The two champions would fight under the supervision of the great gods. The faction represented by the defeated champion should concede their belief and must accept the method of worship of the other faction. The lesser gods were allowed to aid the champions with reserved limitations.
The arena on Iselia was set and the chosen champions, Yekora and Aulephi, entered the arena. Yekora, who fervently believed in communion, was a popular and powerful high elf. Aulephi, who believed in solitary worship, was the leader of the wood elves. However, the two were not exceptional fighters: but they were gifted spellcasters. In fact, it was said that the two champions had been actually surveilling the other for several weeks before the duel, and as such prepared offensive and defensive spells catered to the strengths and weaknesses of their opponents. The duel would later be known as the origin of the spellcasting duels or mage contests prominent in the elven kingdoms.
The lesser gods were not allowed to direct their champions at the moment of the battle. Due to this, the four elven gods helped their champions to prepare for the battle. Aisef blessed Yekora before the day of the fight, but Fesai knew this and had enchanted Aulephi’s spells to counter Aisef’s blessing. Ela on the other hand had charmed followers of Aulephi to gather information about her spells and battle tactics, while Amlin studied Yekora’s spells and pinpointed to Aulephi about her weaknesses.
The anticipated battle started in the year 3086 of the Eon of Akenatun's Descent (EAD). The two fought with grace and skill rivaling the gods. Each spell was countered by the opponent’s defensive spell, and both the gods and the mortal audience were enthralled. Akenatun was impressed by the spectacle that the sun lit up until the duel finished. After a day of intense battle-casting, it was apparent that the two were equally matched. However, due to the relentless flow of spells, magic was sapped from both of them. The efforts of the lesser gods have been countered and neutralized by the gods on the other side. The champions, still equally matched, would have to resort to the usual hand-to-hand combat.
Even though they were not excellent fighters, Yekora and Aulephi were still proficient with weapons. Yekora handled the sword well, while Aulephi knew the ways of the bow and daggers. As their use of magic depleted, their dependence on their weapons grew. Yekora charged with her sword but Aulephi kept her distance as she blocked her attacks with her daggers. This continued for hours and their stamina dwindled. It was said that some of the audience passed out due to exhaustion. Yekora, after continuously chasing her elusive foe, finally managed to strike a devastating blow; but Aulephi, while gasping for her last breath, countered with her dagger before eventually dying from the strike. It had appeared that Yekora won but, on her way out of the arena, she dropped and began coughing out blood. The elven adjudicator ran to Yekora to aid her but it was too late. Yekora lost too much blood and died on the battlefield.
With no clear winner, it was up to the council of the great gods to decide. Yekora did outlast Aulephi, but it was clearly stated in the rules that whoever exited the arena alive would be considered as the winner. A lengthy discussion with the The Lesser Gods proved to be futile. Akenatun, displeased with their conduct, thundered above them and took the matter into his own hands. He revived both Yekora and Aulephi; then, he elevated them to godhood. Akenatun, in doing this, implied to the lesser elven gods to accept both methods of worship. The lesser gods reluctantly agreed at first, but in time they accepted Akenatun’s ruling.
As for the mortal elves, a fracture between the two methods continued to persist, albeit diminished in intensity. Still, fervent followers of Yekora and Aulephi hounded the other which resulted in minor yet bloody clashes. High elves flocked to cities while wood elves dispersed to the forests and secluded places. It was also during that time that the elves established the elven kingdoms of Ephelus and Corleus. Pressure from surrounding kingdoms would eventually pit these two elven kingdoms against each other, resulting in what would be called as the Kippian-Sumber War, a war that spanned generations and led to disastrous calamities for both sides.

Adeena was orphaned and immediately adopted at the age of 5. She never knew who her parents were, and so she naturally clinged to her benefactor and adopted father, Frederick Oberon. The noble half-elf provided Adeena food, shelter, security, and most importantly, an identity. Adeena felt obligated to serve Frederick in whatever way she could, and Frederick did not think twice of using it to his advantage. After a time of teaching and conditioning Adeena, Frederick realized that she has the skills to be a spy for him and his religious organization. Adeena complied and became a spy accomplice of Frederick.

The main mission of the followers of Yekora was to find and kill followers of Aulephi. Even though the legendary battle between the two gods happened ages ago, their followers were still fervently pursuing the other faction. This was done mostly in secrecy, however. Both factions would not admit that they are from either Yekora and Aulephi in fear of their rival’s actions. Both trained spies to gather information and assassins to kill their rivals.

Adeena was on her first mission when she met Cain Othburn. Adeena’s mission was to follow him and verify whether he is a Follower of Aulephi. One bright morning, Cain went to a lake far from the city of Iselia. Adeena followed him. Cain sat down near the lake and began meditating. Adeena moved closer to hear his incantations. She was carefully hidden behind the bushes and so she was shocked when a man tapped her in the shoulders. “You-you’re Cain!”, Adeena said with terrible fear. Adeena glanced back to where she thought Cain was but there was no one there. “Fancy seeing you here. That there was an illusion. Now, why don’t you join me?” Adeena initially declined but looked at his invitation as a way to get to know him better. Cain’s good looks and charm did help to sway her in agreeing.

And so they talked from morning until dusk. Adeena was charmed, and she felt that Cain liked her too. When she went home to her lodging inn, she remembered that Cain is an enemy… But it did not feel like that to Adeena. “Maybe I can learn more from him if I talk to him more...”, Adeena muttered in her sleep. And so she met Cain the following morning. Then the next morning, and the next. This continued for days, then weeks. They were content in each other’s company, and every day Adeena became enamored to leave his adopted father and stay with Cain.

Unbeknownst to the two, Frederick had hired a fellow spy to follow and record Adeena’s first mission. When Frederick learned that Adeena became attached to a follower of Aulephi, he went berserk. He hired a group of assassins under Yekora’s service. “Do it as fast as possible. Make Adeena regret her decision.”, Frederick told the group.

Meanwhile the couple lived blissfully, unaware of things coming their way. One evening, as Cain and Adeena were having an intimate conversation by the lake, an artificial rustle in the bushes behind them alerted them to unwanted company. Cain instinctively shielded Adeena, but it was of no use: they were surrounded. Three men held Adeena and Cain was made to vow to Yekora. Cain looked at Adeena. He looked mournfully and, ignoring their captors, said to Adeena, “You led them to me? Why Adeena, why?” Cain looked lost and defeated. He looked up at the sky, closed his eyes and then whispered incantations.

The captors punched Cain. ”Swore to Yekora now, or else meet Aulephi in the world above!” said one of the assassins. “Never! I devote my life to Aulephi! Just kill me now and leave Adeena alone!” Cain pleaded. “As you wish.”

The assassins took Cain’s lifeless body. Adeena, still feeling shocked and angry, was given a note by the captors:

!note(../../Frederick%20Oberon.md)'s letter to Adeena
Adeena,
Remember that you owe your life to me. I have taught you that, haven't I? You will only worship the path that I will pave for you, and no more. Come back home in Sumber and we’ll discuss this matter more.

Adeena felt a seething anger welling from inside her. She lashed out at the sky and cursed Yekora. She then gazed down at the lake and looked at her reflection in the water. An elven figure loomed behind her.

!quote|mark(../Deities/New%20Gods/Aulephi.md)
“You are hurting, child. I can ease your pain. Hold on to what you feel, hold on to the vengeance in your heart. Revenge is what you want, I can give it to you. Follow me. I am Aulephi of the Soliven, patron of the wood elves. I swear to this day that you will have your revenge against your enemies. When my figure disappears, reach beneath the water for my amulet and head for Curkip. There you will find six more mortals that will help you in your journey. Rise, Adeena, and avenge your love.”

Adeena felt a sense of calm replacing her anger. When the figure disappeared, she reached for the bottom of the lake and found a wooden amulet bearing the symbol of Aulephi: a tree inscribed by a triangle, which was in turn inscribed by a circle.

Adeena then took her possessions and told the innkeeper to say to those looking for her that she was on her way home to Sumber. She departed secretly in the middle of the night and hurried straight to Curkip. 

During her stay at Richie's Inn, she met a bunch of individuals. A local leader asked for help regarding a sewer infestation and Adeena and the individuals volunteered to help. The next day, Adeena left the city and worshiped Aulephi. Adeena asked for a sign whether these are the people who would help her in her journey. She received the sign and acknowledged Aulephi. Adeena’s first step in avenging Cain has begun.
Relationships
Family
Adoptive father: Frederick
Lover
Cain Othburn
Story log
Most Recent
Session 49: Adeena feels a wave of dark magic emanating from the southwest. She hurries back to Adikia and the others to warn them.
Session 49: Adeena, Arc, Adikia and Theobald return to Ironfleet Compound. Theobald, Adikia and Adeena decide to go to check on the dragon appearing in Ankyra's Old Castle Compound.
Session 49: Adeena, Adikia and Theobald arrives at the Ankyra's Old Castle Compound. Theobald helps the civilians. Adeena approaches Remus and Splix, and Adikia walks to Mitarella.
Session 50: Theobald, Adeena and Adikia plan to return back to Ironfleet Compound. As they pass by the library, they see Splix researching.
Session 50: The librarian catches a glimpse of Adikia and Adeena, and she asks them to return the abjuration tome for Adikia's bow. Adeena returns the tome and Adikia receives the bow.
Session 50: Theobald, Adeena and Adikia return to the Ironfleet Compound on their steeds.
Session 51: Adikia and Adeena investigates the statue on the northeastern part of the Library that is surrounded by shelves. The statue depicts of a celestial defeating a devil-like entity. Adeena thinks that the celestial creature resembles the Annatars they once met. The symbols on the devil are similar to those they saw when the [Seven Up...|party]] encountered [Auriel Furwish in Calyxius' lair.
Session 51: Adeena asks Dorfir Embersense about a spell that could protect the Bloated Dragon from magical attacks. Dorfir Embersense recalls that an artifact of sorts protects Asteri District. The [Seven Up...|party]] informs him that the district is devastated during the [Assault on Asteri.
Session 52: Adikia proposes to Polymorph Adeena into a sperm whale. Dorfir Embersense and Fiamil Underwood excitedly agree.
Session 52: Adikia casts Polymorph on a thrilled Dorfir Embersense. She turns him into a T-rex. Kiris, Fiamil and Splix ride on the polymorphed professor. Adeena and Thoradin cast Find Steed. Arc and Noah walks.

All Entries
Session 12: Adeena is asked by a stranger what her name is. Adeena answers "Anna".
Session 13: Adeena read about the continent of [Sumber]].
[Session 14: The birdfolk assassin attacks Adeena.
Session 30: Adeena retrieves Potion of Gaseous Form.
Session 31: Adeena and Noah notices Kirren sleeping. Michaela is gone.
Session 31: Adeena Oberon and Kiris investigates the King's death.
Session 34: Adikia, Adeena, Theobald, Arc and Thoradin enters the Arcanus Labyrinthus.
Session 36: Adeena retrieved Engor's Diary and read an excerpt showcasing the Frostborn Armor's powers.
Session 38: Adeena experiences the following vision:
Adeena sees a familiar coin, while a voice whispers, "Dear child... Save those threatened by the fallen soldiers of Yekora. Judge the heathens as prescribed by your oath."
Session 40: Adeena finds the continuation of the hallway inscription.
Session 41: Splix, Adeena, Adikia, Noah and Kiris finds an altar for Akenatun.
Session 41: Splix offers 25 gp. Noah offers 2 gp. Kiris offers an Amulet of Undead. Adeena offers her magical earring. Adikia offers a chipped gold from the Aureate Rapier.
Session 41: Adeena asks the casters if there was a way to open the portal to the Plane of Dragons.
"Akenatun locked out the dragons from the Material Realm through the portal in Yvernus"
Session 42: The [Seven Up...|party]] incurs temporal displacement sickness. [Theobald, Arc and Adeena are more affected by the sickness.
Session 42: Adeena opts to meditate and talk to Aulephi. Arc opts to rest instead.
Session 42: Arc wakes up, and Adeena is not in the room. She left the following note:
!NOTE]
From [Adeena
I need to fulfill my oath.
Session 43: Adeena surveys the Ironfleet Compound and found Dusk Talons planning to assault it.
Session 43: Adeena heard a booming sound; she investigates it and sees that it was the main gate of the compound destroyed.
Session 43: Adeena sees Gandour directing his men to guard the breached gate.
Session 43: Adeena realizes that the breach is a distraction to weaken the compound's defenses at other points.
Session 43: While resting, Adeena is attacked. It is revealed to be "Candor," Frederick's right hand man.
"Finally, I see you again, Adeena."
Session 43: The [Seven Up...|party]], minus [Adeena, rushes to the compound.
Session 43: There, they saw Adeena surrendering to a man hidden behind the shadows.
Session 43: Adikia rushes forwards and attempts to grab the man. Adikia fails; however, she figures out that the man Adeena is surrendering to is Kayriel, or at least resembles its face.
Session 43: Kayriel is defeated; however, it turns out that it is not the real body of Kayriel either. The body melts again, as the illusion bids another warning.
"We shall meet again, Adeena."
Session 44: Adeena explains to Gandour that she might be the reason why the compound was under attack by the Dusk Talons. Gandour was understandably exasperated.
Session 44: Kayriel infiltrated the Order of Yekora and became Frederick's right-hand man. His cover name is Candor. Adeena attests to this fact.
Session 44: Adeena asks Kirren if the Acquermann Clan has records they can check. Kirren says yes... but the records are in Yvernus.
Session 45: Adeena asks for Aulephi's guidance. Aulephi imparts a reply:
"In the near future, you'll need to make a choice... You'll need to fulfill your oath."
Session 45: Djorken knocks on the [Seven Up...|party]]'s room and gives [Adeena a letter.
Session 45: Adeena receives a letter. Within it is a map, a symbol of Yekora, and a note:
Meet me here, alone.
-C/K
Session 45: Adeena discloses that she plans to go alone later. She and the [Seven Up...|party]] discusses a plan of action.
[Session 45: Adeena talks to Kayvan. Kayvan tells Adeena that he is positive that the handwriting is his father's, Kayriel.
Session 45: Kayvan pleads Adeena to accompany her. Kiris hears this, and asks Adeena if he could tag along.
Session 45: The [Seven Up...|party]] prepares for [Adeena's excursion. Kayvan, Kiris and Arc will observe the meeting.
Session 45: Thoradin casts Find Steed for Adeena. Theobald casts Enhance Ability on Adeena.
Session 45: Adeena travels on land alone. Arc, Kayvan and Kiris go to the designated location using the waterways.
Session 45: Adeena could not find Kayriel. Hours go by and the [Seven Up...|party]] waits.
[Session 45: Adeena finds a marking on the nearby wall. She remembers that it is a Yekora's Spy Code utilized by the Order of Yekora. She follows the trail.
Session 45: Adeena enters a narrow alley that leads into a dead-end waterway.
Session 45: Adeena finds a marked rowboat; she rides it and ends up at the edge of the river.
Session 45: Meanwhile, Kayvan, Kiris, and Arc attempt to follow Adeena, but to no avail. In the end, they go back to the compound to enlist the [Seven Up...|party]]'s help.
[Session 45: Adeena finds a guard ship marked with Yekora's code, ordering her to follow it. Adeena ties her rowboat to it.
Session 45: Adeena is led to a toll bridge connecting Aetos and Ankyra. She finds a marking that leads her to an alley flanked by rowhouses and a waterway canal.
Session 45: Adeena meets Kayriel. Kayriel persuades Adeena to trust him. Adeena detects that she is outnumbered; it is futile to resist Kayriel.
Session 45: Kayriel hands Adeena a black leather bag to cover her head. He reasons that he needs to keep his hideout unknown. Two assassins hold and guide Adeena to his hideout.
Session 45: Upon arriving at the underground hideout, Kayriel asks Adeena to doff her armor and entrust him her possessions. Adeena implores to keep Aulephi's amulet; Kayriel obliges.
Session 45: Kayriel leads Adeena to an adjacent room fitted with a dining table.
Session 45: Kayriel asks Adeena what she knows about him; Adeena replies with what she knows: that Kayriel is a spy for Kippian who is working for Frederick. Adeena also implicates him as having ties with The Cult of Miledu.
Session 45: According to Kayriel, Frederick assigned him to take Adeena back to [Sumber|Sumber]]. [Kayriel, upon hearing Adeena's story, is not inclined to follow the order.
Session 45: Adeena asks if it is safe to tell all this with the Dusk Talon assassins hearing them. Kayriel replies that the Dusk Talons' loyalty lies with him, and not the Order of Yekora.
Session 45: Kayriel shares his plan: in order to preserve his cover as a Kippian spy and earn Adeena's trust, Adeena must kill Kayriel the next time they meet.
Session 45: Adeena is initially hesitant, but Kayriel convinces her to trust the plan. To ensure that it is him, Kayriel shows Adeena a locket with a picture of him, his wife, and Kayvan. He reveals that this is the thing he stole from his son's quarters in Ankyra's Old Castle Compound.
Session 45: Kayriel's clones are the result of a magic cast by a [Sumber|Sumber]] mage on him. He does not know how many clones are left, though he thinks that there are about five. [Adeena shares that they have killed two of them.
Session 45: He lost the thread as he traversed the Ephelus and Kippian's borders. He sailed back to [Sumber|Sumber]], but upon arriving he is ordered by [Frederick to search and take Adeena.
Session 45: Adeena recovers her possessions and exits the hideout the same way she entered it: with a bag on her head and with Dusk Talon assassins guiding her.
Session 45: Adeena meets the [Seven Up...|party]] as they were about to find her.
[Session 46: Thoradin, Adeena and Splix go to a dedicated place of worship within Ironfleet Compound and pray to their respective patron deity.
Session 46: Adeena speaks to Kayvan that she met his father. Adeena did not share much, only that his father has asked about him.
Session 46: Adikia, Adeena and Splix plan to go to the Ankyra's Old Castle Compound and search for ways to create a magical barrier.
Session 46: Adeena searches for a book that could help Gandour implement the magical barrier spell for the airship. She finds an abjuration reference book, but the librarian would not let her borrow the book unless she trades a personal effect. Adeena refuses to trade her amulet.
Session 47: Adeena and Adikia talks to Mitarella regarding Raveena; the regent breathes a sigh of relief. Mitarella assigns Michaela to lead them to the dungeon.
Session 47: Adeena gives the abjuration reference book to Gandour.
Session 48: Adeena, Noah, and Adikia help the airship workers. Adeena notices that the airship's cannon deck desperately lacks gloompowder.
Session 48: Adeena asks Olrac, who is arguing with a servant outside, where to source gloompowder. Olrac directs Adeena to Nos.
Session 48: Adeena finds Nos in a workshop/storage room experimenting on some chemicals. Adeena asks Nos where to find gloompowder. Nos explains that their supply is dwindling, and that he is trying to find the process of creating gloompowder. Gandour has generously provided the equipment and chemicals to experiment, but they still lack blacksand, the base substance for creating gloompowder.
Session 48: Adeena promises Nos that they will find some blacksand. Nos gifts Adeena a cork-shaped trinket that can attract blacksand.
Session 48: Adeena shares the problem with the [Seven Up...|party]]. The [[Seven Up...|party]] plans on checking the northwestern coast for some blacksand later in the day.
[Session 48: Upon resurfacing, the [Seven Up...|party]] sees traces of blacksand on both [Adikia and Noah. Adeena gives her trinket to Noah and asks her to investigate.
Session 48: The creature throws Adeena into the sea. Out of options, Thoradin casts a Fireball from his Bloodstone Arcane Gem. The creature explodes, but not without creating a significant damage to the party.
Session 48: The [Seven Up...|party]] lost material things, including [Theobald's adventure diary and Adikia's violin. Moreover, they fail to retrieve blacksand. Adeena fortunately did not lose her stuff due to being submerged underwater during the explosion.
Session 48: Adikia, Theobald, Adeena and Arc arrives at the Ironfleet Compound. They meet Kirren and Gandour who are talking in the courtyard. Adikia, frustrated about Nokia, walks away from the conversation.
Session 48: Adeena returns the trinket back to Nos.
Session 49: Adikia wakes up before dawn. She wakes the [Seven Up...|party]], but only [Adeena, Theobald and Arc decide to accompany her.
Session 49: Adikia, Adeena, Theobald, and Arc go to Foenyx. With Theobald guiding them, they arrive at the chapel at Roan Street. However, the chapel is closed still. Arc, Adeena and Theobald separately check the district as Adikia stays on a bench by the chapel doors.
Session 49: Adeena visits the Grand Cathedral and reminisces those who have fallen from the attack last week.
Session 49: Adeena feels a wave of dark magic emanating from the southwest. She hurries back to Adikia and the others to warn them.
Session 49: Adeena, Arc, Adikia and Theobald return to Ironfleet Compound. Theobald, Adikia and Adeena decide to go to check on the dragon appearing in Ankyra's Old Castle Compound.
Session 49: Adeena, Adikia and Theobald arrives at the Ankyra's Old Castle Compound. Theobald helps the civilians. Adeena approaches Remus and Splix, and Adikia walks to Mitarella.
Session 50: Theobald, Adeena and Adikia plan to return back to Ironfleet Compound. As they pass by the library, they see Splix researching.
Session 50: The librarian catches a glimpse of Adikia and Adeena, and she asks them to return the abjuration tome for Adikia's bow. Adeena returns the tome and Adikia receives the bow.
Session 50: Theobald, Adeena and Adikia return to the Ironfleet Compound on their steeds.
Session 51: Adikia and Adeena investigates the statue on the northeastern part of the Library that is surrounded by shelves. The statue depicts of a celestial defeating a devil-like entity. Adeena thinks that the celestial creature resembles the Annatars they once met. The symbols on the devil are similar to those they saw when the [Seven Up...|party]] encountered [Auriel Furwish in Calyxius' lair.
Session 51: Adeena asks Dorfir Embersense about a spell that could protect the Bloated Dragon from magical attacks. Dorfir Embersense recalls that an artifact of sorts protects Asteri District. The [Seven Up...|party]] informs him that the district is devastated during the [Assault on Asteri.
Session 52: Adikia proposes to Polymorph Adeena into a sperm whale. Dorfir Embersense and Fiamil Underwood excitedly agree.
Session 52: Adikia casts Polymorph on a thrilled Dorfir Embersense. She turns him into a T-rex. Kiris, Fiamil and Splix ride on the polymorphed professor. Adeena and Thoradin cast Find Steed. Arc and Noah walks.
