share: true
creation_date: 2025-02-09 16:30
location: "Labyrinthus"
fc-date: 1083-06-05
fc-category: Session
icon: calendar
Exploring the Labyrinthus, part 7
The Hall of Akenatun
Adikia perceives Noah appearing into existence.
Noah has no recollection about what happened to her after being trapped. It could be the effect of her Evanescent Shortbow.
The party explores the dungeon after their long rest.
Theobald, Thoradin and Arc receives gold for their exploration.
Splix, Adeena, Adikia, Noah and Kiris finds an altar for Akenatun.
Splix offers 25 gp. Noah offers 2 gp. Kiris offers an Amulet of Undead. Adeena offers her magical earring. Adikia offers a chipped gold from the Aureate Rapier.
The offering allows the party access to the vault in front of the altar. However, the vault is already looted.
The party finds the Hall of Akenatun.
The Shadow Knight
Upon their exit, a Shadow Knight confronts the party.
During the battle, Splix saw a vision that allowed him to expose a nearby teleportation circle.
The party stops the Shadow Knight from being hostile.
The nameless Shadow Knight talks to the party.
Arc shows the Twilight Dagger to the Shadow Knight.
"That weapon owes its power from the Plane of Shadows"
The Shadow Knight bestows Theobald a Shadow Sigil resembling that of Kiris' sigil. The Knights of the Wayraven are revealed to inhabit the Plane of Shadows. 
Kiris shows the Shadow Knight his sigil.
"That sigil belongs to the Wayravens, masters from the Material Realm who holds dominion over the Plane of Shadows."
Adikia asks the Shadow Knight about Feypeak.
The Shadow Knight assures Adikia that the portal to the Feywild exists.
Theobald gives the Shadow Sigil to Kiris.
Splix shares that Elvin and other members of cult probably used the teleportation circle to raid the Hall of Akenatun.
The Shadow Knight divulges the identities of the previous visitors of the hall who stole the Scepter of Akenatun by mimicking their faces.
The party identifies the two of the three interlopers, Elvin Claymore and Rickard Kyp.
Zerrus Zagi and Spekid Frostborn
Apparitions of Zerrus Zagi and Spekid Frostborn appears in front of the party.
Zerrus Zagi and Spekid Frostborn imparts their power to Splix and Kiris through the Ymerald Staff and the Frostborn Armor.
"Tough times are ahead, but with our power, we hope that you can prevail."
Adikia asks the casters about Feypeak.
"As an Eladrin, the Feywild is your home. It is sure that you will find your way back to the Feywild."
Theobald asks the casters about the wielder of Matunda's Mace.
"Yugad, the first Amalgam Cleric, weaves death and life into a single, inseparable thesis: there is no life without death."
Thoradin asks the casters about the existence of The Cult of Miledu.
"Miledu and his cult was nonexistent during our time. It is unfortunate that their existence has resurfaced in this age."
Adeena asks the casters if there was a way to open the portal to the Plane of Dragons.
"Akenatun locked out the dragons from the Material Realm through the portal in Yvernus"
Adikia asks the casters about the lore of her Aureate Rapier.
"The Aureate Rapier was a ceremonial rapier passed down to the heirs of United Kippian. Its hidden power is made known only through Prince Azir's daring adventures."
Noah asks the casters about her ghastly visions.
"Death haunts you, Noah, so much so that your guilt has allowed you to see beyond several planes. Only a few are blessed, or cursed, of such power."
Arc asks the casters about his Twilight Dagger's power.
"One day, you will lose the Twilight Dagger. Then your character will change; for better or worse is yet to be determined."