share: true
creation_date: 2025-04-06 16:22
location: "[Chtapodhi District]]"
fc-date: 1083-06-07
fc-category: Session
icon: calendar
Sorrow, Sand, and Stone
Morning (9th of Zagi)
The [party takes a long rest.
Adeena, Noah, and Adikia help the airship workers. Adeena notices that the airship's cannon deck desperately lacks gloompowder.
Adeena asks Olrac, who is arguing with a servant outside, where to source gloompowder. Olrac directs Adeena to Nos.
Arc scouts the district and finds a three-carriage supply run from Ankyra's Old Castle Compound traveling to Ironfleet Compound. He follows it and he meets Kirren.
Kirren asks Arc where to find Kiris and Kayvan; Arc supplies their location.
Kiris prepares a breakfast of bacon and eggs, bread, and hot chocolate for two. He plans to talk to Kayvan.
On the way to Kayvan's room, Kiris meets Kirren. Kirren invites Kiris, and later Kayvan, to a personal conversation.
Kirren explains to Kiris that the 9th of Zagi is a special date to her. She commemorates the anniversary of Kristofer's disappearance on this day.
It appears to Kiris that Kirren has accepted their father's absence. Kiris shares that he is still hopeful that their father is still alive; Kirren is grateful for Kiris' optimism.
Kirren invites Kiris later for remembering their missing father. Kayvan is also invited to come.
Adeena finds Nos in a workshop/storage room experimenting on some chemicals. Adeena asks Nos where to find gloompowder. Nos explains that their supply is dwindling, and that he is trying to find the process of creating gloompowder. Gandour has generously provided the equipment and chemicals to experiment, but they still lack blacksand, the base substance for creating gloompowder.
Nos explains that they can find blacksand within coastal caves.
Adeena promises Nos that they will find some blacksand. Nos gifts Adeena a cork-shaped trinket that can attract blacksand.
Adeena shares the problem with the party. The party plans on checking the northwestern coast for some blacksand later in the day.
Blacksand Debacle
The party, minus Kiris and Splix, rides on a boat. Their boat tugs a smaller boat containing digging tools and some empty barrels. The party, upon exiting the river's mouth, follows the western coastline.
After being an hour away from the Midkip, Adikia played a prank on the party by seemingly getting drowned. Noah attempted to rescue Adikia. It appears that the water at that point is just human-neck high. 
Upon resurfacing, the party sees traces of blacksand on both Adikia and Noah. Adeena gives her trinket to Noah and asks her to investigate.
Noah is pulled below the water. Adikia attempts to save Noah, but to no avail. Adikia asks for the party's help using telepathy.
The others, except Arc, jumps into the shallow sea to save the two. Arc prepares the boat for an impact from a 5-foot tall wave.
The party is washed ashore; Thoradin draws the inhaled seawater from Adikia's lungs.
Arc sees a creature made of sand rushing into them. Arc jumps into the shore.
The party confronts a blacksand-based creature. Arc, and later the other members of the party, ascertains that the blacksand combusts explosively. The explosion was too strong that the sound it produced reaches Kiris.
The creature throws Adeena into the sea. Out of options, Thoradin casts a Fireball from his Bloodstone Arcane Gem. The creature explodes, but not without creating a significant damage to the party.
The party lost material things, including Theobald's adventure diary and Adikia's violin. Moreover, they fail to retrieve blacksand. Adeena fortunately did not lose her stuff due to being submerged underwater during the explosion.
Licking Wounds
Adikia finds Nokia but it is turned into cracked stone statue. Theobald casts Stone Shape to mend the cracks.
The party decides to walk back to the Ironfleet Compound. Thoradin casts Find Steed, and he and Noah rushes back.
Thoradin and Noah meets Kiris in the courtyard and explains to them what happened. Afterwards, Thoradin talks to Nos and admits that they failed in retrieving the blacksand.
Adikia, Theobald, Adeena and Arc arrives at the Ironfleet Compound. They meet Kirren and Gandour who are talking in the courtyard. Adikia, frustrated about Nokia, walks away from the conversation.
The three share what happened to them. Kirren notices the statue-turned Nokia and shares a myth of a gorgon that can turn flesh into stone, and vice versa. She thinks that it could be relevant, and shares that a capable wizard might know a solution to revert the petrification.
Adeena returns the trinket back to Nos.