share: true
aliases: 
characters:
  "Yugad"
  "Stella Kari"
  "Theobald Clayhollow"
location: 
fc-date: 
fc-category: Lore
lore_type: item
icon: lore
Basic Information
!infobox]
Matunda's Mace
cover hsmall
Information
|   |  |
| ---- | ---- |
| Other names | |
| Type|item|
|Keeper| [Theobald Clayhollow|
|Past Keeper| Stella Kari|
Attributes
|   |  |
| ---- | ---- |
| Damage| 1d6 bludgeoning|
| Weight| 4 lbs.|
Description
Matunda's Mace is imbued with the power of Matunda, the elder goddess who holds dominion over death and life. Kept by Yugad during The Great War, Matunda's Mace grants its wielder the power to be a threat to enemies and a boon to allies.
Mythic Keeper: Yugad Matunda
Matunda's Mace is a weapon wielded by Yugad Matunda during The Great War. The mace is powered by sapping the life essence of enemies or by channeling divine power.
Properties
Mace, +1
You have a +1 bonus to attack and damage rolls made with this weapon.
Soul Charge
The maximum amount of soul charges the mace can contain is equal to your character's level. You gain soul charges in two ways:
Soul Rend. Whenever you successfully hit an enemy creature with this weapon, you gain one soul charge.
Divine Sacrifice. You channel your divine power to imbue Matunda's Mace with soul charges. You can expend a use of your Channel Divinity to gain soul charges. Using your action, you gain the maximum amount of soul charges. You can only use this Channel Divinity option once per long rest.
Soul Transfusion II
As an action, you spend soul charges to restore you or your ally's hit points by three times the amount of soul charges spent (3 hp per spent soul charge). You can choose creatures within 30 feet of you and divide the hit points among them.
Essence Removal
Whenever you successfully hit an enemy creature with this weapon, instead of gaining a soul charge, you spend soul charges to damage an enemy creature. You deal necrotic damage equal to the amount of soul charges spent.
Story Log
Most Recent
Session 38: In a vision,Theobald'sMatunda's Mace glows,
You see Astar, Theobald's lost eagle, traveling to the moon, an ominous sign that your beloved pet is now resting in the afterlife.
Session 41: Theobald asks the casters about the wielder of Matunda's Mace.
"Yugad, the first Amalgam Cleric, weaves death and life into a single, inseparable thesis: there is no life without death."
Session 47: During their travel, Thoradin and Theobald continue their conversation about faith. Theobald hears a divine whisper emanating from Matunda's Mace.
Session 49: Father Ignatius asks Theobald about the Matunda's Mace. Theobald shares that Stella Kari entrusted it to him before she dies. Theobald remarks that he is unsure of the path he is taking. He shares his vision of Aisef to Father Ignatius.
Session 51: Theobald offers Matunda's Mace in exchange for the party's freedom, including Splix and Fiamil. The sphinx accepts the offer, but only frees him, Splix and Fiamil.
Session 51: Arc recovers Theobald's Matunda's Mace, along with a tiara and a hefty amount of gold.

All Entries
Session 38: In a vision,Theobald'sMatunda's Mace glows,
You see Astar, Theobald's lost eagle, traveling to the moon, an ominous sign that your beloved pet is now resting in the afterlife.
Session 41: Theobald asks the casters about the wielder of Matunda's Mace.
"Yugad, the first Amalgam Cleric, weaves death and life into a single, inseparable thesis: there is no life without death."
Session 47: During their travel, Thoradin and Theobald continue their conversation about faith. Theobald hears a divine whisper emanating from Matunda's Mace.
Session 49: Father Ignatius asks Theobald about the Matunda's Mace. Theobald shares that Stella Kari entrusted it to him before she dies. Theobald remarks that he is unsure of the path he is taking. He shares his vision of Aisef to Father Ignatius.
Session 51: Theobald offers Matunda's Mace in exchange for the party's freedom, including Splix and Fiamil. The sphinx accepts the offer, but only frees him, Splix and Fiamil.
Session 51: Arc recovers Theobald's Matunda's Mace, along with a tiara and a hefty amount of gold.
