share: true
aliases:
  Kirren
gender: female
race: human
age: young adult
alignment: 
background: noble
location: "[Yvernus District]]"
faction: 
status: ally
lore_type: character
icon: character
Bio
[!infobox]
Kirren Acquermann
cover hsmall
Bio
| Type | Stat |
| ---- | ---- |
| Aliases | Kirren|
| Race| human |
| Gender| female|
| Age | young adult|
| Alignment|| 
| Background| noble|
| Location|  [Yvernus District|
| Faction| | 
Description
Kirren is a member of the Acquermann Clan who refused being the leader of the Wayravens. She developed an affinity to the party through Kiris, her half-brother.
Relationships
Kiris Acquermann's half-sister.
Leneia Yarumcy's childhood friend.
Story log
Most Recent
Session 48: Arc scouts the district and finds a three-carriage supply run from Ankyra's Old Castle Compound traveling to Ironfleet Compound. He follows it and he meets Kirren.
Session 48: Kirren asks Arc where to find Kiris and Kayvan; Arc supplies their location.
Session 48: On the way to Kayvan's room, Kiris meets Kirren. Kirren invites Kiris, and later Kayvan, to a personal conversation.
Session 48: Kirren explains to Kiris that the 9th of Zagi is a special date to her. She commemorates the anniversary of Kristofer's disappearance on this day.
Session 48: It appears to Kiris that Kirren has accepted their father's absence. Kiris shares that he is still hopeful that their father is still alive; Kirren is grateful for Kiris' optimism.
Session 48: Kirren invites Kiris later for remembering their missing father. Kayvan is also invited to come.
Session 49: The party meets with Gandour, Kirren, Kayvan Djorken, Nos-Aji, and Olrac.
Session 49: Kiris decides to sleep inKayvan's quarters with Kirren. Before Kiris rests, Thoradin asks Kiris to cast Vortex Warp on the Bloodstone Arcane Gem.
Session 49: Kirren decides to check on the situation. Thoradin, Noah and Kiris decide to stay to defend the airship.
Session 49: Kirren appears in Ankyra's Old Castle Compound and sees the civilians. She breaks down as she never thought that they could not save civilians of [Yvernus District|Yvernus]].

All Entries
[Session 9: Kirren halts the fight
Session 12: Kirren and Nos saves the party. They wake up at The Weeping WIllow.
Session 12: Kirren reveals truth about Kiris and her: they are half-siblings..
Session 12: Kirren also reveals that their dead father, Kristofer, is the Lord Knight Acquermann of the Wayravens.
Session 12: Kirren suggests that Kiris succeed Kristofer.
Session 12: Kirren gifted the party with a 10,000 gp allowance.
Session 14: Inside The Weeping WIllow, the party meets four representatives from four noble families of Midkip: Armand Gorrel, a human of Lykos; Djorken Veegar, a red dragonborn hailing from Drakon, Gandour Ironfleet from Chtapodhi, and Janna Furwish from Aetos. Kirren and Arc are also present here.
Session 31: Adeena and Noah notices Kirren sleeping. Michaela is gone.
Session 31: Party wakes up. Arc, Noah and Kirren is not in the quarters.
Session 33: Kirren finds Noah and Michaela and tells them about the Death of King Riordan.
Session 33: Noah, Kirren, and Michaela finds Kiris, who caught Rickard, falling from the air.
Session 33: The party interrogates Rickard; Theobald casts Zone of Truth. Michaela and Mitarella succeed the check. Kirren, Remus, and Rickard fails.
Session 35: Kiris, Kirren, and Mitarella confronts Kayvan.
Session 35: Kirren: "What if Kayriel is not actually the individual Arc saw yesterday?"
Session 42: Noah overhears Kirren and Michaela talking. Kirren asks if Michaela if she knew about Leneia. Michaela denies it, and consoles Kirren.
Session 42: The party plans a meeting with the group within the Ironfleet Compound. The party invites Mitarella, Michaela, Kirren, Kayvan and Remus.
Session 42: Kiris asks Kirren about the Shadow Sigil. Kirren claims that she does not know about it other than that it looks familiar to the Wayravens' sigil.
Session 44: Nokia alerts Mitarella, Michaela, Kayvan, Remus and Kirren.
Session 44: Kiris warns the Mitarella and company about possible ambush using a sending stone Kirren gave to her.
Session 44: Kirren replies:
"Don't worry."
Session 44: Mitarella, Kayvan and Kirren knows nothing about Kayriel's ability to magically create a clone of himself.
Session 44: Kirren backs up Kayvan, saying that Kayriel, even when afar, was trying to be her father figure.
Session 44: Adeena asks Kirren if the Acquermann Clan has records they can check. Kirren says yes... but the records are in [Yvernus District|Yvernus]].
[Session 44: Mitarella, Kirren, and Kayvan could not recognize the face. However, Nos and Olrac shares that they have seen that face before.
Session 45: Djorken imparts that Mitarella, Remus and Kirren will return back to Ankyra's Old Castle Compound after lunch. He expects the party to attend the lunch.
Session 45: Mitarella, Kirren and Remus bid their goodbye and return to Ankyra's Old Castle Compound.
Session 46: The Ankyra party travels to the Ankyra's Old Castle Compound to gather information. They meet Kirren and she directs them to the library.
Session 48: Arc scouts the district and finds a three-carriage supply run from Ankyra's Old Castle Compound traveling to Ironfleet Compound. He follows it and he meets Kirren.
Session 48: Kirren asks Arc where to find Kiris and Kayvan; Arc supplies their location.
Session 48: On the way to Kayvan's room, Kiris meets Kirren. Kirren invites Kiris, and later Kayvan, to a personal conversation.
Session 48: Kirren explains to Kiris that the 9th of Zagi is a special date to her. She commemorates the anniversary of Kristofer's disappearance on this day.
Session 48: It appears to Kiris that Kirren has accepted their father's absence. Kiris shares that he is still hopeful that their father is still alive; Kirren is grateful for Kiris' optimism.
Session 48: Kirren invites Kiris later for remembering their missing father. Kayvan is also invited to come.
Session 48: Adikia, Theobald, Adeena and Arc arrives at the Ironfleet Compound. They meet Kirren and Gandour who are talking in the courtyard. Adikia, frustrated about Nokia, walks away from the conversation.
Session 48: The three share what happened to them. Kirren notices the statue-turned Nokia and shares a myth of a gorgon that can turn flesh into stone, and vice versa. She thinks that it could be relevant, and shares that a capable wizard might know a solution to revert the petrification.
Session 49: The party meets with Gandour, Kirren, Kayvan Djorken, Nos-Aji, and Olrac.
Session 49: Kiris decides to sleep inKayvan's quarters with Kirren. Before Kiris rests, Thoradin asks Kiris to cast Vortex Warp on the Bloodstone Arcane Gem.
Session 49: Kirren decides to check on the situation. Thoradin, Noah and Kiris decide to stay to defend the airship.
Session 49: Kirren appears in Ankyra's Old Castle Compound and sees the civilians. She breaks down as she never thought that they could not save civilians of [[Yvernus District|Yvernus]].
