share: true
creation_date: 2025-01-12 15:06
location: 
fc-date: 1083-06-04
fc-category: Session
icon: calendar
Exploring the Labyrinthus, part 4
After-combat visions
In a vision, Spekid Frostborn appears to Kiris. 
The serious sorcerer evokes a mild chuckle, 
"I saw you beat my rival's successor. As a reward, I shall imbue you with the power of the Northern Frost."

Then, Spekid draws the sigil of the Northern Frost on Kiris' forehead. He then doffs the Frostborn Armor.

"But my power is still tethered to this extraplanar domain. To unlock it, you must defeat the construct that still wields remnants of me and Zerrus Zagi's power."
Kiris swaps his Shield spell to Rime's Binding Ice
Kiris wakes up with the Frostborn Armor attached to him. But it only has 1 frost charge... and it is weighing Kiris down---the armor does not attune to him.
Noah sees an apparition in front of her... 
Amlaena trains Noah to use the Evanescent Shortbow.
"As the new keeper of the Evanescent Shortbow, I shall help you on your journey."
The ghost then touches Noah, allowing her to change her Arcane Shot ability(Beguiling to Enfeebling).
Adeena experiences the following vision:
Adeena sees a familiar coin, while a voice whispers, "Dear child... Save those threatened by the fallen soldiers of Yekora. Judge the heathens as prescribed by your oath."
Arc hears whispers of the dead:
Absence of the cold releaseth sand, and creatures of leather.
In a vision,Theobald'sMatunda's Mace glows,
You see Astar, Theobald's lost eagle, traveling to the moon, an ominous sign that your beloved pet is now resting in the afterlife.
In a vision that shows the past, Thoradin sees Elvin in the dungeon, searching for something.
Nokia, Adikia's eagle, and companion, asks her to search the dungeon for a thing.
Splix is still experiencing a protracted vision... Other members of the party left him to explore the dungeon.
Exploration
After inserting the tourmaline resistance gem, the party is shown a vision of Spekid Frostborn during the war.
After turning the dial, they see the vision of Spekid Frostborn fighting Zerrus Zagi in the arena.
The party encounters a dangerous, Extraplanar Mink.
Before the party defeats it, the mink burrows to recuperate.
During exploration, Arc sees a statue of Zerrus Zagi. The inscription says, 
The Mad Mage lived within a sand tower. Those who tried to scale it are burnt asunder.
Arc and the party encounters a Blacksand Elemental.
The Blacksand Elemental is defeated, but the Extraplanar Mink escapes.